to the e
H
[Music]
P
T
[Music]
ah
and
[Music]
ah ah
ah
[Music]
ah oh
[Applause]
[Music]
I want to eat it and I want to eat it.
I want to eat it, I want to let it go, devil
That little ass is great, mamacita, I want it
[ __ ] you in the ass you have. Come on, move it.
the toto Dale moves the toto Dale moves the
Toto, Dale, move the Toto, move that ass for me
Move that ass, move that ass. Come on.
Come on, move that ass. Come on, move it all. Come on, move it all.
moves
toto to up down up down his
tit how delicious your tit is how delicious it is
her tit is so delicious her tit is so delicious
there's your tit Dale
Mommy, mother, I'm coming good
that she is very rich that she has an ass
amazing and amazing tits God
mine
Saint Good evening, how are we?
brutal brutal brutal family give me a
second I was looking around here my
statistics 25 was watching a little
the visits I was having in
Twitter my Twitter this month eh 25
millions of visits and they pay little eh?
from Twitch those from Twitter those from Twitter
Those on Twitter pay little, they pay little
He sang that music to
nimu I didn't see I didn't see what comche nimu said
I have to see it, maybe we'll go in today.
more in depth on the Messi verga thing
against the uncle
shur I got a little bit of everything today there is none
Red Bull today, what's the milkshake I'm going to get?
Here at the Healthy Shake Chest
Listen to me, how are you? How have you been?
this state
find a little kir here eh Finally
you fixed the
I don't know if you can hear it well. I've heard it
fixed the truth is that it has cost me
a lot of work and I have
fixed it I fixed it I fixed it
fixed the truth is that it is heard
Now it's been a [ __ ] great truth
little bit complicated it has been a little bit
complicated but there we are
Uncle There we are always fighting for
improve for
You guys go see how the members are
the members are well updated
I'll check if I need to update
the
bar
2577 I'm going to update the bar
Wow, I got that video that
You are mentioning in the chat that
2577 is not worth getting involved in now
and to the bar the TV plug
The TV plug thing has come out.
the truth that has come out for me now
Here Well it came out in the
mobile tv plug video about The
Rubius please has appeared here in the
phone as Mira or Mira no
I'm lying to you, look here it's recommended there
The video V is recommended, I was left
open worth And the
turbi good And why is that?
for years streamers with their
refined intelligence and his incredible
talent won the hearts of the
people but everything changed when the
silver I have never never followed TV plug
I don't know, I don't know, that is, physically I don't
I would know who they are. I mean, I don't know.
you would recognize Twitch shape
Twitch has finally closed
crashes servers
access porn sites from
computers from the company Ho emos with
one of the Twitch SEO slap slap
eh Very good little creatures of the
Sir
My name is Rubén, you fold it for me but
They tell me the turbi tell us turbids What
It happened when the platform closed
Twitch Hey okay I tried to get back on YouTube
but but it was the
same turbi is already out of fashion now it
What you see is part 875 of the Skiv toilet.
Of course, the turbi is the best
millennial era
generic But how But well let's go
see 75 of sk toilet Clear but good
leave my girlfriend not the turbi the best
In the age of the internet we knew that you
You moved from Andorra by
What do we have caught you, degenerate fera deor
debts force me to pay my bills
thank heavens for the little money I got
It is now a safe investment
But how come the B's have fallen, kid?
I can't believe it, I heard it
that I have
heard a safe investment but how
that the B has fallen, kid, I don't know.
I can believe it, I can't believe it
believe that I don't care that they are there
my [ __ ] investments, damn what a [ __ ] thing
kid and I'm going to stay expectant and if
You don't tell me what I have to do
[ __ ] street
crack just in case you don't know of any
work subscribe and give a like if
You want to look, my son, if you don't study
you're going to end up like this well Wilson at least
You and I have each other how much p The Cat
10 In his desperation the turbid had
that I do not have to resort to several acquaintances
could help him
evai as you see damn in jail damn it
She looks like the mother who gave birth to me.
Thin, that is, it's Ibai, but Thin is good.
This is a montage I don't eat anymore
There were streamers to be able to organize
fights but let's see This is made with
one with an AI no, that is, this no, this no
it may look like a person
I didn't have to do it that much as it is.
photo animals I didn't know there were more
rights that influencers well No
Everything is bad now I do the savagery
King's in
pressure me how I was going a kiss Ros sky
How are you? And I didn't do very well either.
It's that thing about insulting people
It was working for me on Twitch already today
I got a clip of the crash that was wanted
cut all the long hair on top
uncle what's left up there and was
talking about the island that if the island of
that if every time he says it and it's like man [ __ ]
You are in time to save him, you are in the
you're at the limit, damn it, save it
[ __ ] put on
hair I don't know why, so it's going to be a
physical change you crash and and and it goes to
leave the hair bald. I mean, no, it doesn't suit him.
a small island on the head but it is salvageable
still eh Because he taught the part of
back and it is still salvageable Ah It is
time to save him eh It's time to
To save him you have to be much more
bald so they can tell you that he doesn't
You put your hand in, huh?
You can put that much hair yes I would say
that
Yes I would say it is in time to
save him eh but I don't understand eh what
yes yes it is saved ini yes it is saved Yes
comes here to where I had it done
are the
better I go I tell him the place of the
pull and let it come and do it. Also
Come on, the doctor is a delight.
mine but that is salvageable that
I don't understand why there will be a change
I'm not a hairdresser's body physique
talking about implant
wizard I'm talking about implant [ __ ]
is that why bother you? I am not
I know I'm very tiki Miki with that
topic and very presumptuous And people get it
maybe and it doesn't matter to me
friends eh I have friends that Damn my father
I told him, uncle, I'll give it to you. Let's go. I'll give it to you.
I put it and my father says no, it's not anymore
that is no longer seen with
hair
you know the best the chotas the chotas the
hair changes the shape of the face completely and you
take years off, uncle Javi, bald, Javi, bald, a
Caesar kiss If you look at me that I in
reality I would not have had the operation and what
It had a little bit of a shape
introductions no eh but it takes away year or
It was like putting that on and it took you away
removes the having entries and such makes you
older in real life Well, not so much
You're a loser. This is not a game.
Nothing is a game. Ask LeBron.
James if it is a cursed game it is
Ignorant [ __ ] is not a [ __ ] thing for me
Mommy's game, the teacher tells me
He screamed but thank God I found him
a job that pays well And more if the
insults yes In addition to insulting you
you want me to spit on you, it costs the
I found my place twice, I saw you, [ __ ]
I saw my 20s, you [ __ ] piece of trash, and you're like
Have you ever tried to work on something else?
I tried building both Minecraft
I thought that life would be of some use
74 families was the price of trusting in
the alleged architect Rubén Mel
fold and stain or what your videos looked like
so
reliable but tell us now how you
you feel happy definitely very happy
Poverty has charmed me.
appreciate the most basic things in life
life for example my relatives to my
Ael friends
a a jeti a Wilson until I already forgot
of what I was before, I now know
Twitch works there you can see kipas auron
no Ho [ __ ] like What the [ __ ] or whatever
LoL I dreamed that Twitch closed and that
In Chuf all that makes me a piece of [ __ ]
He was late, you owe me 20, you [ __ ] piece of [ __ ].
very good garbage from the gentleman very good
The Lord's little creatures, very good, sir.
how are you?
He's nice, he's been nice
state
very nice eh Here we have it
that I have been able to do what I have
been able to collect today from
squeal XD nice cring was missing
Well
Well, well, let's see, it's not that bad either.
not even nice
not collect collect listen to me is that
Now the topic of parodies is not the topic
parody It seems that they don't do it anymore
funny, right, it seems
no no
I know very well that I like your videos
It all seemed like a smoke bomb to me.
not to mention Pambi
truth nephi welcome Many
thanks, select the microphone, oh, I didn't start
dizzy eh upload your computer eh
Don't start messing around with the microphone.
micra and and so on eh I really tell you
Hey, today we're going to be here on a Sunday.
from ch a
little Cristi we will see, we will see
Let's see part of what he said
Fran of what Pablo has said of what
gibel has said what he has said
Francua let's see the topic South Messi Berga
Let's see Willy Rex's wallet
Manui, let's see what's good there is.
There's another deep gossip between the ex of
r has come out to talk about
Ra Gibel has had good words for
you Well look that's exactly what
I have here open that they have told me that
I looked at it. Okay, and I was going to look at it in the
mobile and I said well 16 minutes I think
which deals with several topics so why
no why not see it live I had it
on the mobile Open eh to see it on the mobile
But well, let's see if there is a pass or not.
There's a pass, okay, let's see if there's a pass or not.
There is peace, yes, yes, there is
Peace I invite you a piss and we'll see
How was your day Javi? Well then, I
I would have liked it to be warmer
to go down to the pool and be
relax and
other but very calm I went to point
I'm going to stuff myself with food
Now it's true Arian was in it
swearing uncle it's true I haven't seen him
In the end I was like leaving it there for noti
notiti I have not touched it here I have
I also fear that he was there, setting aside
panoti and we see the same thing here today
live and that's it and
out and about Maricel and being Yuki
remind me remind me that also
I've been dragging it for a while and for
leave it to Noti to leave it to Noti and no
We treat it well, let's see what my friend said.
My new friend, too much to talk about today
and I only have 2 and a half hours of Stream
Hey, I still have one thing I want.
understand things about Him
Mexi, Miare's mother
Listen carefully to Abi's editor.
lerl in the entire editor
Abi for the chat yesterday I think that
we are going too far
Guys, the editor of Ah por Ah already knows
What they are going to say, that was sent to me
yesterday and I didn't want to see it Wait I'm going to
wait to see if it is to see if it is what
I think we should stop, I told him.
You stuttered and went to hell today.
I said to stuttering you went to hell with
Abi's thing with Abi's thing went to hell
Let's see if I can put this without
filter no phone numbers today
If I'm not mistaken, Karim sent this to me.
the click and he said to me look man and he was like
put it But in the end I didn't put it I don't know
I didn't see it as above here in the
I didn't give much importance to the phone
see wait to see if it
I find [ __ ] Where was I?
Let's see. Ah, it was a
Twi is a T with a kiss. Silent is a TT.
with is a TT with watermark of
Messi berga to all this since he believed me
that Karime had sent it to me by
WhatsApp is that I saw it above But no
It really caught my attention, to be honest.
Let's listen to it again and see.
that you are commenting on this, man, we
They threw [ __ ] because it was okay
by
celebrate what's
com Ah well Ah that was that that was it
I commented yesterday also no I mean I commented it
yesterday I also said, well, let's see what's going on
Comanche didn't seem like too much to me.
I mean it was like
and that he asked Nimu for a kiss but
It wasn't like, I mean, no, it doesn't sound familiar to me.
Comancha said something like that
forced it to get intense No no no
I know these people laughed and little else.
and mexi vergas not you your friend who
Basically Comanche said I asked him
I asked Nimu for a kiss, let's go
We understand that you said no and that's it.
That's exactly how I remember it.
I go there, what can be taken out?
can extrapolate negatively What you have
bad I didn't see anything I didn't see anything there
the reprehensible truth I do not understand
He said no and cliché mancho says he told me
no and she went one way and I
on the other hand and well then that's it. That is.
No, but Nimu said in his clip that
After that, with Manche he started to
treat badly and that's why it's ugly son like
not sideways
Yes, well, they are all sexist.
You tell me the truth if a mine
I reject it not at first
I treat her like a scam and
Well, I'm not going to try it, but of course or
be how your good will be maybe
It also gives you cut, right?
H no
have attitude after being rejected
You're not going to throw him a party either, but or
be good then that's it no I mean I don't know
the best
I know and why did he send this to me?
Karime wait this is not
man this can't be done
be So what is it
It will be like this as if they are the face that is
puts in front of him, being handled by another person
back that is not what it is
What is it, let's see, I'm going to put it
discussion
I'm going to see what the hell he said about
Abi criticizes, let's see, but Abi doesn't
the transcript is going to catch it, it's not going to catch it
to
pillar It's that the transcription is not going to work
to find out what I have to see, man
So I think Karime was wrong.
and he said to me, look at what is happening
messing with this Abi thing eh From what has
said stutter and sent me that which you just finished
to listen and and and he was wrong and it wasn't to
see if I put Abi
stuttering at hour 4050 of the live stream
South puts a tweet to see at hour 4050
from the live of the
sh is worth the direct of sh is the one that
I have here
open worth
criticize in the 4
50 that would be on this call I would sell
the meat per kilo of those sons of [ __ ]
[ __ ] my business my business consists of
I can't feel bad about them
sorrows for them of course When I did
direct from the show maybe it refers to
kiik
No Lauti has given away 50 members.
Lauti, a kiss, uncle. Thank you very much. 50
people are going to be very
grateful, a kiss, uncle, a big kiss
Sure but there is no 450 here then
let's see
Kick the nonsense that is going to be
The daughter of a [ __ ] tried to strike me
Let's see, I don't like it, it's bad to [ __ ] hate her.
It's that I hate her, I don't hate her.
hate or that I don't know yes I would say that I
I am silent because I hate her, not because I hate her.
I don't
I hate that the daughter of a wanted to strike me
see me dislike her dislike her to hate her
but damn, you're taking Nauter with you
very bad with your editor and your editor is one
from my chat of one more of those who is
Every [ __ ] day is a [ __ ]
nice boy you are not going to [ __ ] her and if
you take it you leave
to
No conito, he's not a bad kid, dude, he stutters.
moder that you are going to take it and if you take it
you take it you go
it's ugly
eh it's ugly it's ugly not based
Frost but man, let's see how nice he is.
and the whole thing is worth the nice thing and
the whole roll based but what is there
you have
You know, don't go too far, it's not bad.
kid uncle stutters verser mode that's it
It's what I want I also what
of not silence silence
silence do not silence silence
silence silenced I silenced him
the clips arrive, they arrive, they arrive,
They get to Abi and got the thing out of his nose
when I said it and now he's going to take it out
this
not the straw that if you get in there
Sorre B enough from the rest taking out
Nobody supports the Mexican who is the strange one
the CS thing
totally none none in
serious ningel
no one and laughs no bank no bank
pointed pointed is to see me with his
editor hosa I also had history with
the editor
but Faith
Thank you very much lolilo thank you very much
Honey, I'm sorry I can't remember how much.
give away let's see I'm going to open I'm going to open
here that is
Here I think it has been ugly no no
I know if I am very delicate, eh?
I've been very crystal-clear lately, eh?
but ugly
not today there is too much to talk about and just
I have 2 and a half hours of Stream Che
I also have one thing I want
understand things about Him
Mex, Miare's mother
Hey, Abi's editor, I read it in everything.
From yesterday's discussion I think that
we are going too far
Guys, we should stop, I told him.
You stuttered and went to hell today.
I said to stuttering you went to hell with
Abi's thing with
Abi went to the
[ __ ] I don't know it's an insult no
strong not as you see it ugly form But
It also depends on the context if the fight
It's strong, let's see, I understand why you hate her.
eh Because I tried to strike him
or because he wanted to put it okay
I understand that you hate her. Or that means me too.
I hate people who have tried to throw me away
strike is perfect but I don't know if the
comment is very proportional not esp
Parram, defend him badly, I'll tank the Funa
for him but I can't say what
He said it was okay, is that not yes yes you can
I mean, one thing is that you do the
comment at the time of anger is worth it
but now after I don't know how many months
no no you're hot no no no can't
say that it is full of ets Abi No
if he told him that he told Abi
that is full of
ets is that it's ugly man I [ __ ] on that
No, I can't find a way to not be able to
see but still Oh we have to talk about it
from laser len after the mexi the mexi
Verga is really into us and I
I found out that I don't think he's that great
Messi, I think he wants to be a dick.
resurrect and now Jai that's it in Spain series
demandable man I would say yes eh No
I say this because I like the stutterer better.
or worse But man I would say that
Yes I would say that
s a
see is that there are many things behind that
comment, that is, I don't see it
defensible in no no in no
moment or the only defense that
would have that would be that person you
has done something to you at the time and in
the moment you explode well come on eh Te
you have felt bad about something that has made you feel
He told you no and you exploded for a moment
It's a hot flash and after a while he says, "Okay, it's
I'm retiring but he's gone to stop it
he thought and said it
dick has micro penis Ah yes yes yes
Yes, one day he filmed himself recording a
porn and has a micropen the Mex
Damn, someone insulted me.
A lot of times and he's called me a [ __ ], eh?
but I haven't managed to level up like that with
she I don't know if I have ever told her
I said some insult to her back
but man there
no no jod penis right you saw that Javi
thanked you and yur and that you were a
gentleman and got angry with stuttering yes
I saw it, yes I saw it. I'm going to tell you.
something I'm not going to dirty a person
It has nothing to do with it, I can have my
more and my less with him but I'm not going to
to dirty a person
It's not a dog anymore, see me the meme of
dog seems funny to me sue
demandable to see the dog meme no no
It's a meme, it's an insult, okay? Okay.
He better have it in his Chaco as a meme
and I understand at best that he takes it as
a grace and that it does not have the intention A
The best thing about offending so much I don't know okay
I imagine it depends on the moment but
The people who started saying that didn't
says as a meme the people who say it is
as if to discredit me
Uh yeah basically like for
discredit me as if I were
coerced into giving my true opinion
It's basically discrediting my videos or
be that comes out of people
That basically comes from people who, Eh, no
wants people with my criteria to exist
let's leave it like this okay Why Because
I think I'm the one who tries the most
empathize when with Dallas not
Yesterday we saw the good stuff, we're going to see it
Now again not about the concert
Ricky Edi seems to me like a scene from
from a group of high school bullies
I'm calling them bullies as
okay, I say that the scene reminds me
to a scene of bully or I can you
tell you that I am against many
things of thoughts from Dallas to
best of things that Vale and I have said
I say them even when he was here in
Hey Dallas, I'm not like that.
Would you act this? I don't see it well.
This is the other one here in the live itself
Here with him it is worth it in the live show itself
here with him okay but
mm clear
Hey, I see a group of 20-year-old kids.
beak
and with a mob of kids there no
who will have an average age of 20-18 years or
even less m Haha
Dalas Dalas at a concert in which they did not
There is Dallas Good now then
we will talk no Then I in that sense
I don't know if it's because I'm older or because I have
more Roses with him for whatever reason I am the
more fair what is happening then that I
I think in a way Although I
They want to discredit me and they want to
insult yes there are people who have me
as true
respect in the sense of my opinion
or from my criteria or from what I
whether you expose or not, and there are many people
that wants to eliminate me, okay, there
people who do it trying to coerce
arm trying to threaten me trying
sue me to shut me up
trying to strike me they have also
done eh and others well these are the ones
insults not dog the [ __ ] the [ __ ] the
poodle things like that when I said it in
feminine disgusts me because it's like
What's wrong with you? What have I done to you? What do you have?
that you know then no no no it doesn't seem like a
meme gibel seems to me a lack of
respect in fact in one of the demands
that is being put on right now is going to
being in another is worth being in one of the
demands that are placed on these
moments is one of the things in which
that are put in the demand is worth Why
Because it is a violation
complete to honor in the sense that
It's one thing for you to say it like a
funny as a joke and that it has its
double meaning But it is something else
humiliating and also that basically
you are taking away my my my freedom from
to give your opinion You know why eh Look at this with what
From Dallas for example the latter that
has happened Now there are many people like
disappointing me
[Music]
You receive many scams through messages from
mobile and today you say wow how
There are people who fall for that. If that is a
Something that is talked about a lot is not about the
I'm from Endesa scams Click on
this link to solve something or you
we are going to charge 200 for the typical scams
These are there, okay? And there are people who fall into
today and you say damn But how
People can fall into this, but it doesn't happen.
a lot of this with many things that you see
things from a perspective and from
a spotlight and you think that everyone
has the same focus as you, worth us
Here people say, what a difference!
the comments on this channel that in
another cucala channel welcome is not
because people are bread visitors it is not
because here we have done surveys that
I also saw an [ __ ] putting today
Javier Oliveira conducted a survey for
see where to throw your opinion and it's like
but yes yes yes the yes the survey the
survey showed that there were more people of
part of delox I think there was like 60
from Delos and 40 others you know and the
people say host but it's that in this
channel What makes the difference in comments
point number one everyone who comes
I understand that they are children like those who
We saw at Ricky's concert
not with instead of commenting they insult
directly or they give me seven emojis of
dog and bone man are blocked
Yesterday you didn't touch on the subject of Mexico versus
south and you put it in the title of the
direct clickbait at least today
you will talk about the topic I think so
We talked, eh, I think so. We talked, but
Let's go now, let's see it, the gibel is going, is going
to comment on it we are going to react
you understand what I'm saying, that is, period
number one insults and the [ __ ] and you
owner and your master and this kind of things that
type of comments are blocked or
be here no, maybe they will put themselves
alone to talk later okay they stay
talking to themselves they don't realize that
those comments are blocked
those users are blocked from the
Channel but not here I'm not going to have you know
and then he was also part of it, but
not because they disagree, eh?
Javi's comments are you wrong or
Dalas this Dalas the other gibel this
Gibel, the other thing they criticize about Gibel
right now in the comments box
Hey
perfect but if they put gbel it is a son
of [ __ ] pedophile blocked and you can't
You can no longer comment on my channel.
you have to create another account and it gives me
Same Julio, a welcome kiss and give me
maybe you understand then you can
comment against me Yes but emojis of
dog the [ __ ] the pet this is not
can comment and then be part of it
comments that there are Well there are many that
They are critical of me and critical of Gibel.
critics of Dallas but what happens is
that here We have seen all the
full debate and everything that has gone into it
passing every day we have gone
following the day to day of code of them has
been saying this Dalas that and such
people who have seen what most people have seen
of people have seen the minute of the
Dallas screaming and saying [ __ ] this guy
This guy is crazy, he doesn't know
have a conversation in Dallas there
screaming has not seen the before has not
seen the during has not seen the after
we have seen it all
you understand
Now of the millions of people who
You may have seen the Dallas click.
shouting Willy's game
how many people have seen everything
complete to be able to
Not even 5% of those who have seen it can give their opinion
the cli will surely then the
our perspective is
another my tasty grandfather has the channel
red heart red heart red face
smiling with heart eyes Impartial
in the sense that Daniel welcome
Impartial in the sense that I try
to give an opinion more or less objectively
sense of being
fair but I also try not to know why
example here we have seen videos in the
that the dasas may have made jokes
with the physical to someone or comments A
The best thing is that they haven't made me feel bad and I have done it
said also you understand me or I mean I have
more sympathy for some and
I have antipathy for another, that is, it is a
opinion channel on my blog and that's it
you understand but I try more or less you know
And then there are people who try
delete me delete my opinion Arias a
I have nothing to debate with the Mexichango
that I think I'm going to debate with him
Do you understand then that nickname of dog?
It's like a discredit to remove my
my opinion or what I am going to say for
example Imagine that it says that it comes out
of the
everyone is worth it, eh, the contracts What
strange that you and now I arrive and you
I mean all the Hollywood actors and
many businessmen from Spain and many
commentators on the television networks
television do it to avoid
then people feel like talking about you
Intimacy without more is a contract that
both parties sign and that both parties
They have the same conditions and if there is
A person who mistreats another can do so
continue to denounce the contract the only thing
What prevents you from doing is sitting in
a magazine to tell an intimate or
how much or how it has happened to you
[ __ ] you understand me because they are not interesting
those kinds of points then that's why there are
people who try to eliminate me with the
pet dog
and the with demands with with strike with
This type of threats have also affected me
made threats even relatives not in
many times and it's like why not
interested Why Because I am a channel that
people take into account That is a lot of the
opinion that I have is held very highly
counts when a person is
well seen, badly seen or something like that
style you understand me then you don't get it
I buy as a gipel meme it seems to me a
lack of respect towards
my opinion my opinion
That's my opinion and that's what I'm telling you.
in one of the lawsuits that there are
put since I understand that you already
will have reached the defendant I don't know that one
This topic is about because it affects me a lot
times like a dog, that is, you treat me like
Uncle dog I mean it's not like a joke
specific moment that you say damn, don't you
behaviors So you look like the mascot of
dala instead of a instead of a you know
Well, you know, no, no, but day by day.
the dog the dog the dog barks I don't know
What do I give you a croquet man no and you know it
What do I tell you and then there is another demand
that is going to be put on soon which is
one that already cared curly but for
complete you know No no that's why the
demand only but it is one of the
points of demand is one of the
points of the demand you one you can't
play a dog with a wig and put everything on it
the day now you put on a prison outfit
as if implying that I committed a
crime now you say that I smell ass or whatever
you imitate the dog with an Andalusian accent
one day another day your notifications
direct they are wow wow or rather it is one day another
day after day for months then
Of course Yes, of course, of course you are
violating the And of course you're going to have
that pay yes yes there was a channel of
harassment that he did it eh that already with a
dog but let's say he sat it down
dog here every day a drawing here
you know and it's like, well if it seems to you
funny thing is that it's not even a
parody the best thing Dallas did was
ignore Delo, right?
it was clear out then no no it is not
funny for those many things gubel no
I know if you don't understand it or what.
that he has a kind of humor maybe
more open he doesn't care that you
make jokes about the CP and things like that I don't
I don't know if it's because I'm a different age and it's
that I have different audiences then
maybe the kids, well when you see
you know but it is not a discredit and and no
It's just that it's a discredit to me
work but eh most of the
occasions
as it is an attempt to humiliate the
person also you understand me is not a
meme a meme can be something else I mean
What do I tell you?
Priscila a
kiss and I hope he doesn't get angry but
I'm going to keep using the dog meme
With you guys it seems funny to me bro
I find the dog meme very funny
Ah, what you have to see is a meme, it's another thing.
something a meme for example of the crab
Exactly that S is a meme you know m no
I know what example to give you, that of old
People tell me old grandfather I don't know what
you know but that's not because it has a
context and a background by
behind the mother of piss and all that
because today they confirmed to me that all the
Bot accounts have something to do with the
mother of miare why do you say something about
Miare and her mother and all the Bot accounts
they come out to you
paste Good
[Music]
and wait I want to hear it It's that no
I want to talk a lot about this today.
confirmed all bot accounts have something
what to do with Miare's mother because you
You say something about miar and his mother and all
Bot accounts come out to hit you, let's see
I'm not going to go into this in depth.
No, it's not that I'm reserving it, but let's see
when I'm going to talk about this
I'm going to talk I'm waiting Okay I think
What do you imagine, no, and I'm going to explain it.
empirically it is worth it
and I don't know who confirmed it to
him and where he gets it from But well it is not
no secret or anything that goes unnoticed
Okay, yeah, my sister's mother has it.
several of these accounts that are not
the ones that Let's see wait, that is, I'm going to
explain empirically what their are
multi-accounts some were deleted when
I introduced them
and I'm going to give evidence and arguments
completely solid I know she's going
giving and as if putting tweet
creating the story the other day there was
some don't and have been doing it for a while
is creating the story of I am everyone
You, I am all the multi-accounts
as to make the joke no and go
taking away weight and forming the story
as if it were a crazy idea of ​​mine but no
because when the time comes
I will explain well
and with all the evidence and with all the
arguments the Mexi has been around for a while
insulting you Answer him, I don't even know
son I don't even know what happens is that when
I explained this, I'm going to explain it once
just once okay eh I'll explain it once
just once and that's it, I won't need it
more H
because she has been insulting me for a long time
Also from your original account
He has also said some pretty strong things
I apologized two or three years ago
I was on the other floor, okay?
the subject of insults and I do have to
I try to try something newsworthy about them.
but I try not to even comment anymore
many times they have gone on TV that
I don't know what Because I don't want him to go away
claim that it is a crossing because a crossing
There is no voucher and you are all witnesses.
Ok, but man, the multi-account thing
If I am going to explain it and also in a way
empirical, that is, however much she wants
sell a story of Yes yes I am all me
I am everything no I am not going to explain it
quietly Why are they yours how
are
All the evidence there is is yours
Well, the trial with me has lasted 5 years.
and he's been unemployed for 5 years for that very reason because
that you have them, you understand me, and I'm going to do it
what he does through those accounts are
like our parodies, he messes with me
with Dallas with liis with villin e se
She speaks herself through those
You tell me what it does, well I'll explain it.
Ok, but when I explain it I'll go
I'm not going to explain it just once.
putting this is not going to be a cru or anything
in the style
but it is already suspicious
Boy, let's see if they're going to play ring
ragel don't touch Tim and stay still
waiting for the door at least
Excuse me, boy, look at this and see if
is here because let's see one
thing if you see an account like this no
It's yours, it's worth it to me, no.
It's yours but come on, they're like that, eh?
from Javi the I don't know what Dallas the I don't know
how much or so are they like that
Hey, you say there's something strange about this.
account if you have a dedicated account
to hate some people something strange there is something
strange there, forgive me and look what they say
Gel believes Javi Oliveira's theory
that Antonia manages the people who
criticizes Dallas well eh There are some of
These channels have already come out
publicly to say that they speak with her
in private and that apart they are things that I
eh I'm not commenting because I've already told you
when I explain it I will explain it once
and that's it. Okay, but man, I've seen
channels eh suddenly come out
exclusives of things that I know
which are translated in their own way
HM it's like every time there's a
New Dallas controversy and Dallas is
viral try to resurrect theirs to
see if this time it's like Dallas
are
criticizing you had a while ago
decade Yes and I'll tell you why Because I
I say this and they all got burned. Look and see.
We all dislike Dallas or we can
to fall ill
Dallas but I feel that they many
Sometimes instead of criticizing dasas for
the things that criticize Dallas
handled by another person as if they are the
face that is put in front of maniji by
another person behind to see
I lied about factors, let's see, it seems to me, let's see
fate that is gibel eh that I with
Gibel neither spoke to me nor did I get along with you know
It seems strange to me, it seems strange to me
curious curious not curious that one of
really going to freak out You're going to freak out
I fought with Dallas and Miare's mother
it
continue whoever it is, whatever it is
delo has messed with her or whatever
who
It seems strange to me when I
Dasas blocked me, Miare's mother
He had me blocked and unblocked me when
I had a fight with Dallas
hosa let's see this I'll explain it later It's that
I don't want to go into depth because
I have to explain it well with the
reports and with all the arguments that
They have tried to give and a lot of
things are okay but yes it is like that or rather it is like that
I think it's like that, I'm going to think it's like that.
which is that from your own account it is
putting barbarity of many days that
has happened in recent months
past but you can't well you can't
you won't get an idea because I
I don't insult her or say anything to her.
I have to comment on something, I'll comment on it
but you threaten a lot of things, okay?
you will see it
but I find it hard to find the corner that knows
all the lords of the sauce shop but from
I gossip with who I get along with
I don't take it if they appear from these accounts
from Twitter like Wilson the Bird
another one on the motorcycle knows me
you understand and the [ __ ] showed up in the
court with the sentence of Joan Plana
talking to Joan Plana who is like
Well, you're not supposed to be very
feminist and [ __ ] Joan flat that how is it
What things has Joan Plana said about
winged example or rather we have is that we do not
I understand because I am a bit like
I almost did it. In that sense it's like
Well, let's see, those curiosities are no no and with
anyone appears these accounts of
Wilson and already running he has it and and by
example I fight with people of the
telesalseo and running tries
interact Like for example a Pillar
You see, you know that they are ladies who get involved
with me, that is, it is what he knows every day
you understand curiosities in a calm manner
curious when Dallas blocked me That's what I
I mean when Dallas blocked me
unlocked On touch my yes or no no no me
I like it very thin for me, dude.
It seems and he was not the only one because there is
others who put the same clip and
It's like skinny if you don't want it
We suspect that they have something to do with each other.
with the lady and the other girl
You pretend and they also tell you that you are a follower
from Dallas if you think like that I'm not one
person who sees everything and I'm on the internet
It's been a long time and I've seen how it
The lady behaves and she doesn't seem like a piece of cake to me.
of God as they want to make it seem and I
It seems that behind all these accounts
has something that is related and also
I want it to be something else very Javi No
be lukewarm, enter the subject of the Mexican. Hey
It's you, Mexi Verga, who's balls deep
You've already sent me four super chats
on the subject
Uncle Clara, I think I don't know.
understood and I commented on it Even in the
I sew with the stutterer eh I like the content
I always like Javi Oliveira
I liked it. I just don't like how it deals with
the themes of He is fixed Eh well he is
hitting the nail on the head in everything let's see is that
These are things that are obvious, I tell you.
I would have to go into depth and this
I'm going to do it right the day I have it
What to do, eh, I think there is nothing left
much will be at any time and this
It must be explained well because it is not
It doesn't seem normal to me and she knows
which are yours and the arguments that you have
given to try to deny it shows that
They are yours, you understand me, and it's like a host
But what is this, a parody account?
insulting me all day and every time
direct and everything seems wrong to him
It's bad if I comb my hair, does it seem bad to you if I
seen it seems wrong to you if I put a tit on my
Grandpa, do you think it's wrong if I don't know what he wants?
It seems bad if I don't know how much everything and
Look for my name every day, that of
Dallas and the one who knows and retweets
which I will finally tell you well with
I'm not going to go into details now.
Okay, apart from that, what is that, that is, it's not going to
be a cross because I have thoughts
It's not going to be a crossover because I
Sorry for the insults, okay?
and without further ado, I apologize for the
insults if they have to condemn me
because I insulted in response to some
threats for me, condemn me sepx a kiss
but these are things from a million years ago
of years which I do not see proportional
for 5 years the truth has been chasing me
Dalas is looking for me, I'm not going to
He started crying so much like, “Oh, he told me weird.”
Javi Oliveira here we call him dog and
everything either we are going to be so so
little crystals that we can criticize
But they tell us something and Oh no no no
Don't tell me that if you hit me, hold on.
we hit, we have to put up with it
the return also did not say anything
lie, I still want them to see
This is a kiss, Natalia, there is more C where
gubel mentions you but in summary Paz
dude huh
[Music]
Oh really Oh really I sew it eh A
see
You saw this, Javi, you have to know
make all kinds of content, dude, I mean
I treat you on the subject of
Angel Aguilar The one from Nodal The one from Will sm
the one from p Daddy Antonio David roso
Carrasco terelu from here as a youtuber
We have 1 topic to discuss if
only Ja will go uncle Well maybe
You must consider that no, it is not going to happen to you
getting out of this is a living, man.
that much fabric, much fabric and now then
Maybe I'll tweet you suddenly.
You change your mind at the moment and I
you delete all the videos to you and aur and that
You were a gentleman and got angry with
stutter yes I saw it yes I saw it it's the same
It's not that I'm going to tell you anything. I don't.
I'm going to dirty a person noene has
nothing that
see I can have my ma and it's the same
fight that Uncle Shur had with Mexa
I think it's the most amazing thing I've ever seen.
seen the problem is to give it
relevance to a type that looks
so and it should be clarified with micropenis because
It's not just this micropenis, but also that is
To top it off, Mex has three problems.
vergas looks like this has micropenis and is
Mexican Which
It is the worst of the three for you I think.
I am very clear, look at what it says
hallucinated
what the [ __ ] is my answer Ricky edit
Why is there a mine crying?
How interesting if you put a mark of
water in some sauce clip is
considered stealing content what
we should call him to collect $ for
react to a robbery
It is indeed stealing, that is, stealing.
When has it been said that it is not stealing
You know Uncle Shur the stutterer.
why not label the three if not
We have Twitter and there it is and there it is papped
Look, what he says would make sense if I
you appropriate that content with a brand of
My water, come on Messi, you can do it now.
Do it better next time, daddy, you do it
you are charging to react to
content that is not yours
that's worse than a watermark
giant that is profiting from content
stolen or perhaps the money they give you for
reacting to anime is done to the creator
From the anime Yes I give it to him that's why I pay
cronch
Netflix role
HBO Max bought
sleeves wake up now big eyes and here it says
and you don't get paid to react to our
Ah, I got paid to react to the
I have to do it, guys.
next time I'm going to charge to react
For each tweet from Mexi Vergas, a sub and
I react by sleeping and continuing to work
Let's see if you do something again, go on
you are [ __ ] Compared to the level of
production quality of an anime with the
a gathering that is five Virgos gossiping
talking nonsense Mex
man this is something else this account
for example it is a harassment account
No, this is not a harassment account.
It is a criticism of gossip, gossip or
I asked something
I ask
Hey, and see what you have.
micropenis go South go collect 50 for
watch your own Finding Nemo movie
See if they give you your prize this way. They are here.
Uncle South got angry, the clip of the year
we know what it is no other thing is that no
They are not going to give it to us but the cli of the
year we have it clear
not the clip of the year, we are very clear about that
nothing else is that they give it to us
okay let's see
macaque let's see macaque first to
to belittle the gathering so much that it is not
Stop talking about her already, Second Father.
I know it hurts you to have started it all.
this and now a nobody is not my
blame if you didn't know
Third, I hope you do well reacting to
content we create that insults when
You run out of arguments to call him a monkey
a macaque is not
insult to see mexer you are literally El
missing link to humanity no
let's break the eggs first say that the
gathering are five virgins the room is not
It is undeserving of it, that is to say its reality
Mexi, you tried to [ __ ] Brittany.
Jaz didn't give you any attention, you made a video
crying because he [ __ ] someone
more cut bro bro cut two I already have
my career
done if we are going to say such nonsense
If we're going to say such nonsense, well,
hallucinated Not for nothing for years
I have my million dollar plate, no way
you five
Oh, you can eat with the plate.
million, let's see, you can sell it if you want
Be careful, food is coming
What a shame, man. How that channel fell.
eh How that channel fell
dude, but he doesn't upload the videos anymore
not even there
no, let's see, maybe it will give him enough to live on
it
less more or less could
No
crazy no three Of course I'll continue Let's see
Let's see if that can give us something
live
what would be the
channel is that I have no idea man
What is the channel? What is the name of the channel?
Channel This is the channel
I don't see your million-dollar license plate, Javi.
I am you
Father, I don't know if he is a Messi fan.
dick or
I don't know if he's a real Messi fan.
or is it Messi himself changing his dick?
by name but you don't see what they are
don't see the spam
kid putting his hypocrisy on display, let them say
in the gatherings it won't be so difficult
after what they said about Comanche and
Abi supports big eye But what is it about
Comanche I don't understand what it is about
Comanche what bothers you about Comanche
What did we say about Comanche that is so bad?
I don't understand it. You only know the
version of Comanche and you have to
know nimu's version and not the
I know and I stay with the one I know
Hey Uncle Shur, I see you are very upset about something.
person who is a nobody besides I see
What bothers you more, a twt and a brand?
water but harassing nimu doesn't bother you
say and defame Abi by saying that she has
ts is not bad or just like your girlfriends
allows it, what a face Gilberto, how you
You're going to call Gilberto, you idiot Tommy.
I'm not eating, let's see, idiot, well, here there's a
The problem is to see without h and with short b and
separated because it is not having, it is having
from there I go there you go there They know
you know us
We know that, be with me, come on, idiot, I don't
I wanted to get into this since I didn't
I have nothing against you and the fact that
that he has respected your requests to the
time to make yourself a success and fall it
proves But it's over To the first
I'm pretty sure the five of the
we lost our virginity in the gathering
long before you It's more me with 23 years
I'm sure I've seen more vaginas
that all my age is a lie, I am still
Your mother's and aunt's virginity doesn't count
Well Tommy's spelling mistakes
We forgive them because Tommy is here
The second thing was never denied that it was a
Pilar, that you were a pillar of gossip
You have a track record and it is undeniable
but while ours is
building on the basis of being a channel of
your information is Ho was made to
forge of acting [ __ ]
insulting how many youtubers Sas is that
Messi Berga did not evolve to see Messi
Berga in its time was like that
time Yes it is worth it
Hey troll
and what do I tell you?
m so so much fuss with the
hands no And that kind of issues no
but it is no longer like that and then maybe
for a short period of time
how long could Messi last a year and
half two years how long could m last if
dick being relevant a couple of
years a couple of years
maybe
worth how much we carry
we have fewer followers
but we will surely earn a month
what he has earned each year in money
that in the end what we are here for is not
your estimated trajectory or so we take
many more years being relevant than him
and keeping us does not look like
that we go falling none I join
no to the four from the five-day gathering
the
It doesn't look like we're going to the gathering
down but it looks like that
We are going up and every month I think that
any of us earns more than that
what he has earned in a whole year
the time that was relevant
If you asked me for advice when you started
Yes, well I also asked him for advice.
shaffer and look where we are Hey
confirm if it is him so I can answer him
true or not confirm me if it is your account
Realso, Tomy, you're building it.
applauding a guy like Comanche
telling him
Go based The
Comanche no no but let's see it's the bill
is the account real or not
It is not the real account, it is the same
you're spamming, you've been here for an hour
Spamming is not the account
real is not the account
real no
It is when you have exceeded your limits
It's wrong to insult a YouTuber but applaud
your harassment like you do with Comach
It's okay that as far as I know he didn't harass
to
Nobody skinny asked a girl for a kiss
He said no and that's it, he didn't say anything.
conchen from the other world oh tomy oh don't you
I thought so because of you the channels
gossip has the reputation it has
today that is true, you fat piece of [ __ ]
morbid bald [ __ ] chronic troublemaker
for tomy don't insult me ​​you had to
mess with him not with me you brother
your mother's shell, you alloyed brother
how incredible it hits me, daddy
You were someone without wanting to, that's true
Now you are nobody so much so that you are
to reach one million subscribers
again but in
reverse So Enjoy the
relevance that community gives you
that you helped create but now
He rejects you and it's embarrassing to be flirtatious
you
damn health and luck trying to erase me
the video that I will take out for you but this time
I will show you your story as it is and not
as you want to make believe that it was Vaya
baboon, what a baboon, boy
boy kiss Roy this Boy is popping there was
Another thing that happened I can't believe
the things that happen to you thread this thread
It goes for everything that the t is worth regarding
This Messi thing is a pain because now he's going to
change the subject no
respect to
I saw this several times today, it's worth it on one hand
he named the uncle Che
sh welcome we are here in a
interview with the titan of Titans the
Mr. Diego Mexivergas, hello. How
They are here we walk And
Well, the guy is even a minor, look at him.
the little face looks look at the little face of the
poor thing, the bastard was hungry here
Look how thin he is, huh? It's noticeable.
when when Now when now go the
things well eh that you have put more
Chubby, listen to me, outside, damn it, let's see the
Uncle Sh isn't even flattering him.
is interviewing him and
He calls himself by the nickname he gave himself
m welcome we are here in a
interview with the titan of Titans the
Sir, you'll see a pleasure. Hello, how are you?
Here we are And well this interview is
Basically because you are one of the
people who really have more things
I could ask in all the controversies
has been has reached extremes with
your Oh my Javi is called having another account
anonymous no I don't think mga had that much
money to send so much superchat
The controversy surrounding German has come out
even television, that is, yes in the
Chilean television showed a small one there
report of the Bots there years ago
also with Dross with all the
youtubers there see I have my fights is
Worthy Worthy of, that is, he puts it go
clipaso no
believe then I'll give you one
autograph lovingly Because you are one of the
people who really have more things
I could ask in all the controversies
you have been to extremes with
Your controversy with the brother has come out
Even in the
Of course television but they are kicking him out
in
face they are throwing in
face one thing that tells you
It's that we're talking about this
easily 2016 or 17 dude, that is
How are you going to crush something that I
did in 2016 17 we go neither
2020 or how can you blame me?
one thing I told you ago
either
almost a few years old
decade but be literally You know what
that there are eight
great years man I know there are people who
live in 2016 I know there are people who
It stayed there but I didn't expect it
that mega was one of
They 8
years I had not even thought about it
that I would live from this in that
So who was going to tell me in
back then we go no thought of
have another child, another house, you know that
It's been 8 years, uncle, almost one
decade Well look I tell you that I have
more time with my wife since 2016
for here well almost the same
almost it
Same as in 2016, I've been here longer.
married to
Lorena is almost a lifetime ago
I [ __ ] in 10 it's a lot eh a lot
very much what a challenge Here yes
Ah, like throwing it in my face that I put a
clip of him
[Music]
AND
why retweet your own is
doing for
search is doing it to search
Tulia I'm already used to that in
Every podcast you do, you speak in a way
contemptuous of me I have no problems with
That's normal, I understand that I have committed
many mistakes having bad words
with you and you don't like it no no no
And yesterday as expected it was not my
daughter was almost a baby eh it was different
The difference is that yesterday something was said about
me that did really affect me and
I consider that a red line has been crossed.
physical and mental health due to a
accident that almost cost me my life
July 21st of last year this I think
It was that of
Hey, about the stuttering
Bravo wasn't there yesterday
Stuttering is a topic and I think you will understand
that is not
content considering I spent 10
days in the ICU with four hemorrhages
cerebral and that Val and that he valued
inducing a coma is a miracle that continues
I'm alive, not that I twisted my ankle
jumping rope that is there
used instrumented my health in my
against continuing to hurt me for another day
At a serious public level Roy has given away
50 members But well today you are
smoking a joint
eh, so today you're smoking a joint
rco because they have also given away before
50 we are talking about that then
we would be at 2700
a kiss Roy huge huge uncle Many
Thanks man, so today we have a hundred and
peak members eh we are talking about the
2700 and something
Not almost all of us in the chat are
members is set for members Today
It's posted today for members today I say
Chill Sunday from time to time there is
that putting balu has given away another 50
kids have given away another 50
guys [ __ ] [ __ ] So now we
Let's take a moment, I have to go to the bathroom
It doesn't take long, I don't even wash my hands
Hey, I want your body.
you don't have time if I'm cold If you
Do you want to feel your body together?
to mine because I don't have time being
cold If you
Do you want to feel your body together?
to mine because my soul has no time
being cold If you
you want I want to feel your body J mine
because my soul has no time if I tend
cold If you
you want I want to feel your
[Music]
m the members bar must be
update it V
to upload here Of course I understand that they will have
that put about 200
I don't understand what it will have to be
[Music]
to put is that it would be brutal to arrive today to
the 3000 Eh already today today has been Sunday
We finished the week with 3000 members
chill would make us feel sorry if we were
in 200800 and does not touch the
3000 would make us feel sorry to stay there.
Lailo says tesa 200 more and we arrive at
Well then we look to see when it is
finish when they finish ringing
because now the balu lo will sound
we see and see how much we are missing
really
Okay, but what a beast. How are you, HM, man?
That is to say, I have abandoned the main one and
telesalseo
It's that telesalseo hasn't really done anything either.
there was today today I tried to record a
newscast of tes alceo but they didn't give me
the topics
uncle
But but tomorrow I'm going to try to record
for the main Yes or yes eh Yes or yes
It is probably the attack I consider most
low that they have made me never believe that it is
It is relevant to say that I apologize
publicly twice with Shur on the 28th
from June yesterday for my tweets
wrong man that this man with
the content that I have inside the
demand says that the lowest attack that
They have never done that to you.
body and hot positions weeks
back but I imagine these clips don't
They must have sent it to him because I suppose that
I also want to say that I am not interested
I am quite sorry for having been bitten by the
another day with the south But what's that?
I did, yes, it is true that the south has
had some very unpleasant words
for months against me for messing with
my work repeatedly say that with
My job is a bad one that I only open and it is
It's true that it was something that was getting to me a little
a little wearing but it is true
that maybe it stings me too much and that the
level of frustration kill yourself But why
you want me to be uncle shur le what
That's what Uncle Shur told him they are
channels as well as the entire group in general
Not that they are channels that only speak
from Dallas who seem to be sick No
I know, I don't know what or something like that, I don't remember
okay And he turned it back on him and turned it back on him
to pap on Twitter and and and apologizes
he
No
Oh mate and the level of pressure at which
I was subjected for many months
After all that has happened, well
It's true that they wore me down mentally
and and it was not good okay I reiterate it
I said the other day I have nothing in
against sh for what I said the other time
I regret having said it and I already said it
I said the other time yes I regret it
having been so hard on you and having put
Swi, if you don't apologize, I'll lose Uruguay.
Sorry, I don't know why, but sorry.
I literally didn't say anything but Sorry
sorry, I accept yes, Uruguay wins, I accept
the fault Yes Estela let's see if tomorrow
Last time I got together with these people and we did
a little direct that the last direct that
I did the one I did with Victor Sandoval
of everything
goal
goal goal
Go friend no
I can is pint of the kakak is that I had to
be toono brother all white
White T-shirt
there everything
bl here I don't give a damn at all
the rings tremble at the hour of
I asked for forgiveness then I think it wasn't there
Well, I was right, I was wrong
surely 100% But that doesn't mean that
I wouldn't fire a random shot either.
I have written privately to the stutterer that
He's the one who said things about my accident
and my status in the discussion group
condescending, it must be said, and I have
commented the same thing in this thread already
I don't even know that I'm interested, I said it.
always private things that pass by
people suck my balls And if he had a
accident and had a bad time I hope it is
recover and nothing more to see me if I
It seemed a little unfortunate to say that.
comment on lerl in the sense of
that he has not said that or
Yes, it is true that you told me
you posted the day before in the super chat
no no but this boy fell and and how
he hit his head clearly
better if it was half a joke, not a
pod comment a joke the typical no
I mean, for example, I have used a lot
the Ah I fell out of the crib joke when
boy That's why I am like this you understand me but
Of course, [ __ ] it's an accident
and Lucifer a kiss let's see what what what
laser is offended by this type of attacks
personal with that I already told you already you
I will read the content of the claim that I
I put let's go that I put No that is
the presentation and content of the demand
Dallas without Dallas mentioning it
never and and it seems a little shocking to you, right?
that you say your host, well for you a fist of
crystal not crystal jaw The fist
you have it made of iron you know but yes it is
It's true that it's ugly because he stutters.
He said seriously and apart with the con
the thing about him being a doctor, you understand me
So a traumatic episode that the
kid has had to apparently
It happened very badly and I was there, I didn't know
a lot, I mean yes, it was like I was getting the
photo of him in the hospital but he loved me
that was anything you know
and
but he is condemned Yes or yes man
Christian, I'm not going to give any advance notice.
sentence neither the two but let's see they are one
the terms are amazing
But well, that will be discussed, we will see.
Okay, but the thing is
It is clear that he stutters what he stutters to you
He says it as a nurse, not as a no, he is not
that one has broken this skull then
That boy is not well and is like a man
I understand that if that were the case,
That is, a person due to a fall
I don't know if it will be possible, okay?
medically said yes that a person
from a fall he is left mentally affected
I understand that it would not be on the internet, no
doing above all sauce not on top not
I understand that family or loved ones
Dear ones, they would say No no, this is not it anymore.
you can do it, they would take it away from this world
I'm referring to this world of the Internet
and it is not the case he has not said anything either
I don't think anyone is anyone about that.
to make a statement like that
the truth
Honestly, I mean, no, you can't get it out.
a diagnosis of a person who is
person has not told you, do you understand me?
It's one thing to say it or it is to say it
It would have been a joke or something.
style I still tell a joke you know but
It's not that he said it, he meant it
he said seriously
I don't wish evil on anyone, there is one
something like I don't understand, dude
evening is in a
week I do not wish you ill
Neither. More than anything because I don't care.
But man, I do wish him to pay.
to pay for everything he has
good fact We were commenting on this
yesterday we saw it in passing
This is a Ricky and Eddie concert
Okay, the truth is that I saw the photo of
went up
one and of course I would actually already be
Well, closing the topic. Now about the d
but of course it is that sincerely of the No
stop releasing news, that is, he went up
A photo is worth a photo, this is what it is
I was going to Ricky and Agustín's concert
It's very good to enjoy with your colleagues
Ok, but the photo that is uploaded is already there to leave.
the concert shows promise, no. That is to say, with
a Willy Rex game t-shirt and the
cagona of the cl here is worth
eh then
today
then continues with May laughing at Skylar
the pambisitos I don't know the joke
I understand when you meet with Pan you visit
I have a question for you
you what game
What game did Willy Rex play? What game did Willy Rex play?
that
I play the company
from Ricky's company also not this
you see it in a moment
historical I am that personally or that is
I'm trying to be as good as I can be
eh assertive possible in in in these
last days not in spite of the sorrows
not of these things that we are seeing
Okay, it's Ricky Eddie's concert and
Agustín I don't know if it would be in Andorra or in
Barcelona Vale and delox go up to
scenario for this
[Applause]
[Music]
spectacular there is one thing There is one thing
that you don't know
you I have come
accompanied by someone special you are
we are all prepared
preparations that between danas
[Applause]
[Music]
rcky Go go Backstage you key pu se
fly from Dubai now wait Where
[Music]
I have brought a gift that is a
unique t-shirt which is this one here with
the Wi
[Applause]
[Music]
throw it like a bouquet of flowers on your back
from behind That you can't see Let's go
where
F Many thanks to
[Music]
everyone who falls
like me and this is not an attack of
[Music]
true Let's see what is most constructive is worth
possible I don't understand Here looking a little
I understand that the public are youngsters
They won't be 16 or 15, maybe someone has
18 19 I don't know
Okay
eh of course these are the people who come to you
then to insult the hungry is who
put chat for members xdd
Yes exactly a kiss the bulky one
kiss I'm not saying they're bullies okay No
I'm not calling him bullying or anything.
the style But it is true that this
behavior when the other does not
is saying absolutely nothing from
It's been more than a week since I've been eating it.
It reminds me of It reminds me of
when Lucifer was in high school
It's a good idea to mess with someone.
I remember in high school when
They were bullying a kid Vale and he
They called me by a nickname, okay, I remember.
that there was a kid who did a lot to him
little school I don't need to do
spam King everyone knows me now I'm going to you
Ban uncle because you are giving a
[ __ ] [ __ ] Hi Javi when is the
mini a kiss Mauricio well we'll see
we'll see what
We'll see, what are they? Let's see, I don't want to.
I think it's best to call him bullies.
They are cnd by the mass bath not of
kids of kids what are they doing to him
This is worth it but of course your stamp is already
your entire Twitter account
activity is Dallas Look at me
It reminds me of the scene and I say this
true eh It's not an attack on any of
the three but I'm going to try to make it one
constructive criticism OK But I
It seems to me that I have come to the
head eh the typical scene that when
in the institute there is one that is the
the boy who does Bull and all the
institute and it is well seen to laugh and the
and mention the nickname that is said no and
we get together and say Ah
in my school in my school It is
that just as they accept and use it today,
They will quickly turn their backs on you
Tomorrow we'll see, we don't know if they are like him and
They have the same vibe as him
You understand, I don't know the truth.
[Music]
I've been that guy for years.
I understand alone, you are understanding me
No, I have not been, I have not been a victim.
of bullying let's say yes it is true that
I have had episodes Maybe the ones that
They were able to abuse me because I was very
Well, I was very innocent, maybe I didn't
I was defending well until I changed but but
I know the figure of a boy has come to me
come to mind is worth the figure of a
kid who was in it I remember but
I'm talking about primary school, eh?
primary school a kid who had a nickname no
I'm going to repeat the nickname, but I had a nickname.
and it was well seen it was good in fact
you had to participate to be accepted
Okay, you had to participate to be
accepted Okay and and give nicknames and do
jokes and maybe if he passed by the
side and you gave him an elbow too and we
we all gather is that notice that there is no
said nothing funny or really no
he said nothing funny he said Dallas
Oh
You know maybe I'm very old, huh?
The best thing is that I am very
old Maybe I'm really old, okay?
But it reminded me of the scene at the
bully scene from the
institute has reminded me of a
high school bully scene because it is
that there is no longer a fight here in which
both are fighting and there is no crossing
No, he is simply looking for that.
mass bath because there is a kid who
then of course then then I am the only one
who defends Dallas in these things no
Of course, then Dallas comes and
shouts It's that Dallas comes next and
shouts eh is that Aha Dallas will take out the es
that Aha Dallas will take out that thing
that looks like Instagram and they are
criticizing without it
take it out now is that now it goes up here and no
He lets you talk because he shouted
is that there has
exploited I want to feel your body
Lucifer a kiss But what I am
seeing it doesn't seem normal to me or that is me
I am totally against this
are
things It reminded me of eh a scene from
institute the truth is worth man who
then you see Ricky Edi saying
that has a paper with an order of
distancing is for is to laugh in your
Dear Ricky Javi, I have suffered bullying.
both in school and in high school
and I can tell you that it is bullying
basically it is joining the
small group of Wi to be accepted
because it is okay to attack the person who
They all attack, of course, let's see if you
you have a list of things against
a person sexual abuse scams I don't know
I don't know how much the [ __ ] I was doing
getting together with
the [ __ ] take it out What happens if you don't
makes a video does not release it
take it out what is that you understand me
but of course you still would say that the same
day you say the Dallas has shouted the
Dallas got the thing about her ex out of her, that's why
example I had not appropriated it okay
perfect you are in your right to
defend yourself and respond to him and get what you deserve
It's yours and I don't know what because
you're in a fight but man it is what it is
that the last time dasas mentioned
Delox was in the live show he did here
I think that was like the I don't know if
last Saturday, Friday, I don't know, but
It's a pain in the ass And he hasn't stopped even one bit
day I don't know how he isn't ashamed to continue
the truth because it is approved because it is
approved Look at this does it
Dallas this is what Dallas does, what does it say?
people told me today people in the
comment lolilo a
kiss me people told me in the in the in
the comment Oh but it's that Dallas every
How many times does Dallas mention czu?
Okay, okay. Imagine that now
suddenly tomorrow damn We too
We talk about CCU here and maybe tomorrow
we talked about Ari and past we talked about div
Okay, why? Because the topics come up and
then you bring up your opinion again and
You bring up your point of view again. But
It is that it is already without
context, that is, I have not seen Dallas
when he organized that party that
organized in Barcelona on stage
Saying Win meu is like the child who only
It's funny Wherever that goes
will repeat to have acceptance knows that
His only grace is to speak against Dallas
I see it, I see it as if it is
well seen by certain people because
we are well seen by everyone, right?
I think it is but again for a certain
a mob of kids and things like that
type of public since it is accepted that
Dallas is slowly getting better
seen but if Dallas has threatened
Ricky It's normal that he still has the order
They are waiting for me to go to Andorra yes yes
yes yes the order of the kitchen order
Ricky has it on d don't you see it?
fear that he has
Delox is already disgusting with those comments.
face of naas face vomiting a kiss
very handsome what would you say to Dallas if he
did something like this the Dallas has gone
to events and has gone to a party in
Barcelona last year I have not
seen say
cocu No no it's not your it's not
[Music]
your activity is that right now the
activities of the enrede and their letter of
presentation is the game of Willy King and
dala and that between dala and dala and dala and
dala and goes after the people who are in
against Dalas takes away the lawsuit from the ler
len is trying to get together with
cocu I see it
As I see it as Make It Yours Bar
I see it exactly like Mira delos
shouts I don't know what the order of
restraining order
fictional you what order of
Ricky
eh it's all the activity this This
It's Willy's thing that he sent it to me
a lot of people Okay and I was reading it
here on the computer it cannot be opened
I don't know why but on the mobile yes eh
joho the truth is I think this is very bad
behavior seems terrible to me and I
It seems that this is no longer justified.
You have sent it to me a lot that it is about
The thing about Willy's subject, man, what is this?
is it true or
be the Willy re said in the T aa that the
blockchain
It doesn't lie, the blockchain doesn't lie. Well
Well, you know you've read this article.
carefully is that on the computer no
You can read it in full, I don't know why but
I read it on my mobile this morning
the whole article basically talks to you
of what the wallet says
Willy according to this article from
confidential man is that between leaving to
I see someone playing violin quite a bit.
serious than shouting the name in a
concert I don't think it's all the fault
from Dallas but has gotten into a
eggplant of Pambi but for everything that
will be leaving if he has one foot in
the jail Look you know what happens that if the
Ricky would have reported in
Seriously, I hope Auron never collaborates.
With this type of man I don't believe it, I don't know.
but I don't think so, you know what it is?
It happens that if Ricky had reported
truth to Dalas would have already had the
trial and Dalas would have been given a
fine or something like that like when
I reported Jo Juan's friend who
Jo Juan's friend, nobody says anything to him and
He was convicted of threatening me but for
threats will be explicit or be son of
[ __ ] I'm going to blow your head off. So what?
That's what my friend told me
Juan I don't know if I have it here in
Twitter's friend Juan invites him to
all these things and everyone greets him and
They take pictures with him and everything and without
However, it seems that it seems that
It depends, it seems.
It depends, it seems that it depends. And you don't
They offered a restraining order
They condemn him and that's it
there is what is not what is not in what tweet
I have
what I don't know in what in what twit I have
the
I put the threats in a tweet But
No, I don't remember.
now he put me both for md and for
I published a series of barbarities that I
I stayed Look if one day I see you around
[ __ ] street I'll step on your head son of a [ __ ]
[ __ ], I've been wanting you for a long time
that you dropped several pearls of wisdom on Juanito
In your videos I let it go, I got to the point
feel sorry when you were harassed for
your son in a video I saw in passing
but I see that it is still the same
usual [ __ ] I would like to see how
would you feel if a streamer without coming to
I told you I would do the same with your wife.
I swear by my dead that one day we
we'll find out later don't say no
I warned clearly Now I this man
I see it with Ricky I see it with all these people
every time there is a
event Then it doesn't fit me
speech It is
depending on how fast that judgment was
It was very fast but not only the trial but
that he appealed well to Willy's re in
summary okay this I think should
someone but of course this is not of interest to
people do it because it's not dala no
but someone should explain this
better than me for people to have
Of course, what was that about Willy Red? Okay.
apart from the game, well I didn't see it.
I didn't see the video that Dallas made about what
game made Willy
re the blockchain doesn't lie well then
According to the confidential blockchain of
Willy that was confirmed apparently
which is his because he put it on Twitter
for the bug
It's worth what Willy did according to him
confidential was
and
that for example I imagine that
would hire to promote games and
the games the games were
related to a token worth And also
he did the same thing three or four times
worth it
company the company gave him tokens
Imagine 5000 euros in tokens
Ok, the tokens arrived in the wallet
D explains it very well but this is what
which explains the
Dallas basically what Willy did
was receiving tokens from the company that was going
to promote once he had the
token took out the video
promoting the game the token went up
Willy was selling and then he did that with
several
games according to the
confidential in less than a year several
digital wallet accounts connected with
Willy R moved millions of euros
thanks to its serving step of
Minecraft to promote cryptocurrencies and
nft, that is, they gave him cryptocurrencies
Okay, when I had them in my wallet,
promoted
and they went up and
I didn't sell the host
[ __ ] of course So if we are
criticizing a
My goodness, what they are doing to me
sending if we are criticizing something
No
that explains it erala a
see what I tell you when
This topic came up and I didn't even address it because it is
One thing that I don't understand or know
I don't even know how to explain it. Will responds to
the question what game did Will Rex make
none That's the answer you were
seeking absolutely and completely
none wix is ​​a complete scammer
I say without any kind of reservations and without
no fear at all and attentive
because you're going to freak out about this too
Pay attention, this is going to be a pleasure.
You're probably seeing this and
ask what this is Dallas no
I don't understand anything well. These are the
tracke transactions of the wallet
by Willy Rex for one of the first
nft games that advertised within its
disgusting channel I'm talking about a
game that the clown of wily Rex
He advertised in such a way that he made videos
saying more 125 for in 10 days we go
up than those other tweets of
Willy Red and the
videos were more or less the same
level than Dallas' tweets
promoting the token
yours That is
why Willy Red is good and
the other's
No, I mean, there are a lot of Willy tweets.
Are there any that are
deleted okay There are a lot of tweets from
Willy Rex some that are erased that
They are tomorrow, we will talk now
laugh laugh at the
you know and what is left put look at the
This disgusting guy has no shame
stay and good everyone and good everyone here
Will Rex scamming and welcome to a
new scam
nft we are back with a video of
Titan arena for me as I tell you one of
the best games out there right now
I think it's spectacular, I think it's going to be
a historic day for all games
NFTs today the Beta of this game has come out
A few hours ago I stopped This is the
Tommy This is the real Tommy
success of the fall if the uncle does not follow it
Sursi looks like a spectacular game here
for example we see when I uploaded the
video was the token at 4 which is more or
less about this time When I went up and
right now we are in a matter of 10
days one by two Well more than one by two
Today it was time to do the 9. Well then
according to the
wallet before wily made the
video received those tokens so good
Hey, good to everyone who listened to me.
At the time, as I told you, I am not an advisor.
financial or anything No, nor is he an advisor
financial nor is it going to be a
damn speech therapist, do you want to see something?
funny Willy Rex who was dedicated to
recommend these games to your audience
You want to know what the guy did? Well
Basically these games pay the
influencers in two parts first the
part of the tokens that are basically
the game tokens and elsewhere in
a fixed payment and that's usually it
mix the two or pay only in tokens or
It is paid only in stables but in this one
In the case of Willy Rex we know that
less they paid him minimum in tokens what
This clown did good. You'll see for yourself.
trust the game so much and say Oh a
amazing game what a good game this is going
go to the moon You'll see what he did
really for the first video he made
they paid him
3112 tokens and the clown Willy Rex
sold up to a million cents
millesimals is that he did not leave even a single one of
the tokens in here and when
sold, you'll say, literally 4 days
after and why he sells it for 4 days
then because basically the type
does the
video
be this
Yes He hopes that his audience will put the
money and then when he sees that his
audience ap you see grandpa that's how it's sold no
It leaves a little bit exactly this
yes and everyone
quiet Well not just quiet
defending him, he puts a lot of stress on the price
He says I'll take the money from my hearing.
Of course, but more takes it
whole did not leave even a token inside How
You can be so mean and such a clown later.
They are accusing me of doing this
The thief thinks that everyone is his
condition to me that my wallet is public
and everyone saw that I never sold
not even a damn [ __ ] token is coming to me
accusing of doing what literally
He played the clown Willy Rex because he
could simply as soon as he received the
payment in tokens from the company grab it
sell it and that's it convert it to usd
Instead of that this guy waited a few
days for his audience to get in
money and then he took out more what was
What happened was that the token pumped more
still F further up and they paid him
once again for this promotion in this
case this did it according to the confidential
He did this four four times three or
four
Sometimes it seems that Willy is a better trader
that delox clear but what explanation
You say that the delos see this well
he
padel they paid him less because the token
was much higher and what did he do?
Willy Rex's clown Well in this case
learned from the first time he sold
absolutely each and every one of them
tokens and when he received it he wrote to me
Tom
Oh [ __ ] but Tommy wrote to me like
Well I don't know if I can say it I don't know if
I can say it
I don't know if it's for me to read it but
I understand that but come on Ah okay okay
Okay, yes, it is for you to read it.
It's for me to read, he tells me, he says good
Good Javi, first of all I come in peace
I just wanted to make it clear that I don't have
nothing against you and I want to ask
I apologize if at one point I attacked you
direct way as I did in the topic
bullying we are very different profiles AND
we have our differences of thought
But that doesn't mean we have to be enemies.
at least for my part I want to take the
things at peace and I am very grateful that
you will react to my videos at the time
If you need anything, you can count on him.
Bolivian trusted delox will say
curtain to divert attention from Pambi
exactly eh That's when the time comes
I will make you a success and a fall host
Very well done, I had nothing against it.
yours tomy, let's go, I don't know, let's debate that
topic not the heat of that topic but I
no, I had nothing in mind with what I
you would have done harm for example gibel yes
that I Although it doesn't quite fall to me or
I am disgusted by some of the comments on
the sense of him calling me dog and all that
things and autism and such But what
You see, I didn't remember with you.
have nothing had nothing tomy the one from the
chat nothing nothing dude it is much appreciated
Your message is very cool and I tell you what
We are here for whatever you want
a hug uncle and thank you very much for your
message waited 10 days for the price
pump and this time sold 1000
because he said let's see if I'm going to be left without
charge more money for this but Will Rex
which is a piece of rat and obviously
everything he says is a pure lie
behind uncle but that is having
made having made and
[Music]
Willy Why does he take and go to Twitter?
mess with Dallas to say that the
blockchain no
lie uncle how it is that it depends on who
and not what eh
Uncle, it depends on who and not on who
that
Uncle, but yes, this was two years ago.
It's not two years ago that it closed
article from the confidential This was ago
nothing Look less than a year comes out here look
less than one
year of another He didn't wait much longer and 10
days later he sold even the cents
of the millions of cents that he
They sent this transfer, it's curious
because they are accusing me of doing
This is what people accuse me of doing.
As I am showing, they have been caught
making Dallas promote its own
coin and Willy no Willy promotes his
token also also took over the
token people didn't win anything people
they invested in a token that was not
like a drawing not a doll hao a
rock you know what I'm telling you but let's go
either way the movement is yours or not
be yours what does it matter if he has the same
information no I mean he knows that when
he promotes it the token goes to
get on that one
sense
No. In that sense, why is there a double standard?
to measure
Uncle The maveri came out to defend you in a
tweet from crypt Brook seriously I like it
you can
Can you please send it to me?
or you can send me the tweet here on the
super chat literal copied and
stuck says tes disbursed 2 million in
blink to see in the article
confidentially they talk about a couple of
kilos But what am I telling you? I mean
I don't know if Willy what he has done is
can do or rather I tell you the same thing as
with Pambi it's worth it I don't know if this movement
is it allowed or is it not allowed ok
In the end you get paid with tokens and you
You can sell them later, I don't know if that's the case.
just like when casinos do
promotions with accounts that are
scheduled for
I don't see winning as comparable to seeing it here
What I see would be that he intuits he can
sense that their own tokens are going to
upload you know but well that the movement There
Willy is fine, nothing has happened to him.
So what's going to happen to D?
pass or
I don't understand the double. These are the
double standards, uncle of the little groups
Anica, send me what Professor Mar said, let's see.
what the [ __ ] is it
It is this same technique to recommend to your
audience and when the audience puts its
money you take is that Wi is the elite and the
The elite cannot be touched and the currency is people
who doesn't know
shh Sure but let's see La Movida yes
No, if Willy sells, he won't lower the price.
Well, it depends on the quantities
no uncle is
Pure and simple hypocrisy, damn, I don't know
I think I have Maveri's Twitter
I think so
Blocking you is pure and simple hypocrisy.
period don't [ __ ] with me
It's not the same Javi Willy Rex did the
nft and people have the product Although
worthless but Dallas made a coin
worthless and no one got anything from it
What Willy did is more like
yours is not the same, mine is nothing
mine is to buy and sell when any
mortal So don't go comparing me
you understand Because Willy knows that when
he promotes it will raise the price
Okay, then don't talk nonsense to me, he says.
It's not the same Willy remade the nft and the
people have the product Although it is worthless
Well I also have Pambi that are worth it
right now little but Dallas made one
coin with no value and no one got it
nothing How come nobody got anything dude but
Yes H a lot of people who I traqueo
with
she and won and they won tens of thousands
What Willi did is more like what
yours
No, but come on, it's really superchat.
It's absolutely not for anything
Hey Maverik, let's see.
Maverik Javi Oliveira doesn't have any
legal implication in this matter No
I can believe they are saying that
barbarities based on nonsense
that the serial scammer is spreading
the rest of delox is screwed and no
has salvation but Oliveira is
judicially clear what he did is not
crime Look touch
as the scammer deo's nonsense is
taken as a Holy Word
Now I don't understand the legalities in
Christ is worth it but I think it is legal
He doesn't have any, but let's say that mine is mine.
It's like any user buying and
selling without
further
lolilo when are you going to tell us when
How much did you earn and you take it all?
selling it how exactly I don't
I don't promote it, Willy Rex.
repeat that nonsense of yours again
that you love to say although there is one that
It is one of the things that has been put into
in one of the demands that we are going to
put there was one who said that I
promotion and I told people to buy
buy that is going to go up he said it
literally in a live one
That turkey That turkey That turkey is going to pay No
has no idea what he is going to pay or
there is one that literally in a
straight
He said I said buy buy no no it was
Turbo
plan what game says the Clown what
game and blockchain does not lie
Blockchain doesn't lie, right? Willyrex
Explain to me then how did you do this?
Pam Pam dam with your own audience another
time in another nft project more and
You better say, "Oh, but you don't see if you do."
That was really your wallet, what are you smoking?
Javi pulls out a million punches
also to a bank Yes but it is not
We know the value of this million
token
I don't think in the I think in the in the
confidential Yes it puts the value and I think that
On one occasion it is 20,000, on another it is 40
and so many
1000 I've never heard you say such a thing
Javi thing, yeah, yeah, but they are the channels
those who are dedicated to that and are already going
to stop, I tell you they're going to stop
Well they still won't stop when they
I arrived because justice is very slow
I'll still get fatter
[Applause]
that that is clear What is the excuse of
This or not Maybe it's not that daras
Poor Willy Rex who scammed with
many things but the best with this one
It turns out that the piece of clown scammed
when I was making a video
Regarding this, it was so pathetic and so
ridiculous that he showed his [ __ ] wallet and
people brought it and saw that
Indeed, this was his damn wallet
not so but apparently the wallet
She also has it on Twitter, eh?
According to the confidential I don't know if they will be
the thing about donations or
something the amount is solanas
Javi No man, you're telling me that
There are 20,000
solanas No man
No, I don't think we're talking about
euro kid You know what they are
20,000 solanas
40,000
solana man no
pathetic and ridiculous clown boy is
You're going to report everyone who says this
that you are an accomplice to fraud depends
who trusts more but yes that in some of
the demands that were already being made
There are some who say so then it goes
for inside that topic there will also be
There will be 100% of people convicted for that.
condemned people ah of those who have have
started the hoax It is that I think not
They are in Spain, none of them have to go
seeing
Ok, I'm a little fed up.
about the subject of lawsuits, man, among which
I have and and the ones I put
I'm a little fed up
dick I can't be either you know yes
that it is true that on the one hand I cannot
allowing and letting go
certain things but on the other hand I am
a little up to the [ __ ]
eh this guy and for the only reason why
who waited a little longer the second time
It's because he saw that the game was
having a lot of success and wanted to get the
maximum money possible and you will ask yourself
How much money did he make from this exactly?
It's hard to know why this is the
Token graph but I calculate
approximately that of the first sale
could have taken some
15,000 according to the confidential are 20,000
19,000 or so, yes, and for the second
sale if it was sold well up it could be done
having carried between 20 and
000 more eh 40 almost there is talk in
the confidential eh for making a video
disgusting pathetic lying and selling him
to your audience a lot of tokens in the
face this clown now dedicates himself to
accuse me of doing what he did and
This is just a small example of
many more we can have on this
character trash
But well, this was done a lot.
of times according to the confidential value
then of course I don't understand the double
measuring stick of the
rock you know
[Music]
m this was a question that is being asked
saying I don't understand the double standard of
measure from the rock because it would have been
It's [ __ ] great that here the one of when
I was debating with the Dallas would have
having said what Willy did, it seems to me
fatal too but then now I
I have to say that the opinion of
Delox is not worth it because it is cut off by
interests or because or because he has rud
of golems and that's why he defends Willy
Rex let's go see dad let's go see
Dad, what a nerve
Hey, what a nerve, huh?
knew one
boob Ugh no
okay I'm already [ __ ] myself with the with with with the
screen
Hey, that thing about demands must be very
exhausting choose your battles Javi Mira
If I tell you the truth, one of the demands
that I put at the end of the year
past every time I remember the videos
that man's
I feel like it's the trial
okay but then on the other hand I get
stopped mentioning it the moment I put
the
demand And I
I'm honestly considering that if I
apologize and take back the things that
He said, "I'll take it off and we'll leave it there."
I don't care outside. I don't even want the money.
It cost me to put the baby if he asks me
apologize and withdraw it publicly and
He takes back what he said, it's worth it.
will never say anything about Willyrex Because if
says something, they definitely exclude him
Javi Pero already rides the mini paddle
so that's it then your opinion is
as mine is not then your opinion is
like mine no Then no if it is
You're going to continue with it, I don't think so, eh?
I think I think that two are not bad.
a good one was seen from a kiss, a kiss, eh
I, I think that you don't know what you say that
He who apologizes will not do it. Well
Well, nothing. Well, let's move on.
I have things to add that I didn't put in. Hey Al.
beginning in the preliminary hearing I have
things that
Add but I haven't I haven't I mean no
He has mentioned me again since then
I think since I don't know if it will have arrived
but then there is another demand that I made that
It is that lady who is obviously simam
She's not going to take her life, okay?
And to the to the to the youtuber this one who is
I also put that one, I hadn't taken it off
but come on no way and now then for
example my wife was telling me Eh
I was wondering what
of the
[Music]
about this marriage that we
He insulted me so loudly the other day that my
woman Hey I was asking what
we were going to do it and I haven't had it
time the truth is I have not had time
true But there is a common friend who is
Marius, what did you tell me this morning?
that he had to tell me I don't know what I don't know
how much a move and then there is a
lady who is going to have to
be and that is when you see me here
disappear for a couple of days because here
I have there yes I have to disappear
a couple of days to mine it all is
because there is one
lady, there is a lady
that he's been harassing me for a year and a half
uncle and already
brutally brutal way that is harassment
That is literally harassment because it is already
It is neither criticism nor talking about me
controversy No, it is not harassment
literally no no vacation no
vacation and it's still going No no it's not that
there is no way and today I was watching the
straight from the alena from a couple of years ago
days that we put it on Elena and I
Oh Elena, me Lorena and I now when
We came from minutes two days man Well
Imagine Christopher a year and a half old
year and a half 2 hours each day about
They send me a WhatsApp Javi they are
mixing themes one thing was the golems and
Another thing is what Dallas is putting
in the video that they are from the game I don't know
I don't know how much
Yes yes Yes I do
I know if I know that they are two different topics
eh yes I know that they are two different topics
That is to say, one issue is the Golin issue and another
topic is this I already know but the two topics
I find them criticizable, I don't know until
what a legal but criticizable point
I find them objectionable
two No, it is not the same, one is the same as the
golem which are the nfts that that product
It was his But he started with this thing
see this what Dallas has taught in
the blockchain is that he was paid to
Willy was paid to promote games
eh that they played with some tokens
then he was paid with
tokens promoted the token and the token
went up and he sold them once he had it
I was going up, you understand, then I don't know, of course
the cryptocurrency market is not
regulated the same as the stock market
Neither did Cristi, I saw the live show that she did.
We saw her coming here now
We have seen the live broadcast that the
Alena the other day and what she does
lady is not normal For a year and
half has been asked with much
patience many times that stops and that is what
What I have said, I always never ask him
no one who stops talking about me
because I can't ask anyone to leave
You understand me when talking about myself, but in the
terms in which that lady
Hey, talk about me, what if the vote, what if the
hair that if I am white that if the
tits that I have that if my body that
If I have put it on Twitter if it is
I have reported it several times already.
publicly in those terms is not
normal is every day every day
every day every day every day
days a 70 year old lady every day
days and then that's going to have to happen
stop it and I'm very lazy because it's
I wasted time from my job, man, I earn
a lot of money every day working uncle and
It's not what the lawsuit costs me anymore.
that I will be removed from here one day
work is taking a lot of money from me
Uncle Jai what Dallas is is the wallet and
There are 200,000 solanas, which is almost the same.
3 million euros for the same shot
Lox and Salomundo tokens are the ones that
They got into NFTs, that's why Delox has them.
to defend him because if not Willy would go
by the legal
man but it's that salom world I don't know who
[ __ ]
It's good, let's go see our father and
leave me the topic of orders that the truth
wow, I'm terribly lazy.
I would love not to have to put that in me
scrub
Eh yes, Brendan already told me that
There was a son's live in which I choose
You can also put your hand on it.
He said, "It's that Pablo told me, he told me, uncle."
You're not going to do anything here and I say
Uncle, I have to, but I thought to myself
that they were going to
stop which stalker's grandmother
Twitter I don't know if you mean the same thing
Joe a question that is being said
There is a question, is it true that
You're going to take that mandate away from the other one.
Well it's true, love that is lovely
the empanada is so good on the shore
to asked I'm going this week I'm going to
buy a tuna empanada heler ni
I'm not going to jail, I'm not going to jail, and I'm not having a baby.
He doesn't defend you anymore but no but what
I'm answering it well but that's not even
I'm going to jail I have a baby if you go to jail
The one with p is fine for me, but p Ah well
you have to see it in China
Eha, then that lady won't let you go.
arm that no that lady has made
the idea that YouTube is Javi Oliveira
and that she wants to make a living from YouTube and
wants to make money from YouTube but
that has to be with Javi Oliveira Javi
oliveira and Javi oliveira Javi oliveira
If Javi Oliveira goes on vacation, I
Javi Oliveira's agreement again, uncle
that I have been there for two weeks
traveling in Asia and was there every day
with
Jaira, what the [ __ ] are you doing, you [ __ ] guy?
browser
and arguing is very good I don't like it
I think Ah well but why didn't you put
the impressive s took a week then
I'll tell you one thing, the gathering is going on
turning against your client Yes and
not anymore but here The good thing is that in everything
This is what I can only win, Pablo.
You can only win if you don't [ __ ], imagine.
no good with me he earns little
true moment because because you of
moment no no no no no you haven't gotten in
no move yes you are what happens is
that they haven't caught you, that is, I'm sorry
moves but yes yes you are no when no
pretend but it's not official it's not
official point That's the only difference
between you and me no no no no you are a
criminal and I'm not no I'm pseudo
still pseudo with many appearances
Well, I don't know, I don't know, eh, I want to be
with many floors that we have to
rename Wilderness Highway
by wild convict road You don't have
why it is enough for you to put
bars wild road The bars bars
wild and you put bars on street bars
savages
Oh no, [ __ ] not those drawings that
The introduction comes out, I tell you one thing. There is
There is one in Dubai that is being
laughing at TD Lore right now
who are they laughing at
everyone is that is
this
a Who has sent a B here not with
everything that is
passing mafi thanks a lot for that vium
that we are going to put the alert ma Maf is
a
Magdalena internet is bad or always happens
it's going badly
and many thanks to shem for that B too
Many
thanks to
who 72 to Wait, he's staying
caught a moment Thank you very much for
You see me with a more normal image.
no, your internet is very bad
169 members
This will be the answer to this Alberto.
little bird Alberto little bird Fran cuesta
You really look pitiful at 50 years old.
I am 52 and having been in a
important television program and
now doing what you do getting together
with an Andalusian chav and doing this or
This one looks like this one looks like a cani
Andalusian and doing
fact based based on the comment eh
based the comment on meeting with a
Andalusian cani and hao this one looks like this one
it seems your
I'm just going to tell you I'm just going to tell you
one thing to this gentleman based based on the
comment really eh before
block it wait
Hey, your tobacco. Thank you. Come on, don't you have any?
reason is very pathetic is very pathetic
that at this age he ended up getting together with
criminals with scammers I tell you one
thing with criminal lawyers
That's true, but Javi with canis of
Seville
eh it's very sad but I'll tell you one thing
stuff
Jaramillo a kiss
Pinillo, how many are there? says Leonia.
2746 Hey, we're going to stay tonight at
200 members to reach 3000
we're going to stay at 200 man with the one
people here
today hear the andal enter here to
say that Look Jaramillo You don't even have
[ __ ] idea of ​​who I am is not in a
I've been on three TV shows
I'm gone lolilo that's what I wanted
knowing or what about Willy from television
because I felt like it, I had to
pay Javi gives away 200 members to see
We were supposed to be given here
to give away a member but what do I get?
The truth has never ever come out to me
I never get the last year of Discovery
because I didn't want to record and I had so much
money that I paid then I bought a
sanctuary that I don't even know how many hectares
It's full of bugs, I get up
In the morning I pee in front of me
container peed in front of me
container with animals is okay I don't look
the clock eh I don't know I'll take a nap
I don't sleep but I take a nap
I'm with a bunch of bugs, there are no
people like based Fran eh in the
sanctuary takes a nap at the
noon at sicit around this and
When there is time my friends like him
Cani as the criminals' lawyer
like the criminal the criminal the
scammer and his [ __ ] mother come here and
you're not coming in your [ __ ] life
You're going to be left with your misery.
from the internet saying look what I told him
To Fran, look what I told Fran
Come on, grab yourself, watch a video of mine and become a
a [ __ ] jerk off
I tell you one thing, for me Javi is one of
the guys are not only more fun
but smarter is very intelligent than
I have found Javi is very and more
loyal and more loyal mu factor factor
factor factor my Cris It's the one that I
defends well no no the grandfather the grandfather
Grandpa is going crazy, my Cris It's the
that my is the one who defends me well
Grandpa is always crazy, yes, yes
but regardless of that
I say because of the derogatory term kani
that this guy I think has come out
I don't know if he must be one of these Andalusians.
who is in the Republican Left
making an effort and putting your ass on the line
to do to deserve something no Javi anymore
You can invite Cristina to a nice dinner.
Let's see, can I pay you? Can I pay you?
pay the 200 bucks I owe him nanes a
kiss this is very common in Catalonia
equal
Jaramillo very Colombian
No, I don't know if it's Colombian, I mean very
Colombian I tell you this because
yoo and all this is part of a leak
Ok, this topic has impressed me.
Pilar, I don't know what minute she will be in the
original direct But this has been for me
Pilar sent because Cristina opens up and
speak of the trial you asked me
a lot about this these days and I'm just
I feel like talking about this because
really
No, I can't give my complete opinion.
real that I have on this topic about
This case is worth the case for which they have
sentenced Cristina Vale then
I was waiting for her to speak and
then we see what she says and and
out no
and
But let's see how I can tell you sincerely
It doesn't add up to me, okay, I'm not a lawyer, no
I am a jurist, today I explain it in community
Okay, let's see, I'm not a lawyer, I'm not
jurist but the truth doesn't add up for me
That is, they put a fine on her for
revelation of secret and they put one on it
15-month sentence for harassment
a younger girl Vale
then it is that revelation of Secret
For me it's not that, it's that Cristina
what he did was put a tweet of a
account of a girl on Instagram who
Yes, it is true that he was a minor and
It could have been better censored. But that's it.
It is not a revelation of sec does not want
that monetize no video in the end with the
m word Ja total total total
But well then there in Thailand I
invite the swimmers who are there for you
7-Eleven [ __ ], you know what?
I say Cris's lawyer is also Pablo
in that case no in other cases yes but in
That case is handled by Rubén Mujica who is
one who is a criminal lawyer But it's that I
It was perfect, I was convinced of it
that this was a complaint for headlines
no and what they were going to see is that
M is that it doesn't fit me It's that for
To me that is not a revelation of
Secret a revelation of Secret by the
Revealing a secret gives him a fine
Okay, I think the fine is 900 bucks or
something like this is worth And the revelation of Secret
for me it is that you
and violate the security or property of a
device or your notifications
Pay your letters to Cristina Javi Pablo
They will claim you have to pay, but of course
you take a direct from an account of
Instagram tweet that I think has
four 5000 followers and that you
publish on your account
Twitter also one is a recording of the
direct that it is not that it is not that
Cristina recorded it and published it.
on her Twitter Cristina but it is that
There is a lot that was super
rolled eh By a lot of groups and that
It was super popular on Facebook and
for a lot of place you understand me
So I don't see any revelation there.
Secret that is worth it but you free me
I was mistaken that I am not a jurist
but for me a revelation of the secret
is that you take the phone to the
relative and you download one
intimate photography And what do I know or what do you
goals in a colleague's email
work and you steal his emails, I don't know
Another thing you know but that you that you take
an Instagram live
eh And you publish it on your account
Twitter on a topic that was also
newsworthy because I don't see it, okay, that's it.
On the one hand, okay, so I said
Cristina this is headline news this is
a complaint of this to get you out
headlines and it was clear what I didn't
had the sentence and then 15 months
of
prison 15 months in prison So yes
It was a public Instagram video that
secret because that's what I don't
I understand. I mean, I understand that she's a girl.
that was minor And then
and I don't know if I should have put an "I think"
that I already had Even a filter if I didn't
I'm wrong, I think I had a filter but
What I know is that the girl the girl the the
accusation does not appear in the video
others
girls do you understand me or the girl who
It is the accusation that I do not remember.
name the one who reports well first
the prosecutor's office reports it and it is the one
The knife that makes the complaint, I think it is
but the girl who is the girl who is
person the cause the girl who reports
It doesn't come out in the
video Then I don't understand it and then
The 15 months in prison is for leaving her
in the tweet But I sincerely
the tweet I have
seen you can be more or less
I agree with Cristina but Cristina says
what that is narrates what I believe the same
What does the video say? No, it doesn't insult her. No.
For example, they publish a clip of
Javier Negre that that cl of Javier Negre
I see it very
unfortunate, you understand me, that is, the cli
From Javier Negre I see him agitated
ok but
Of course, I don't see what Cristina's T is about.
put this and all this part of a
leak on July 1, 2022 To me
It comes because they are investigating me in a way
the prosecutor's office secret Mrs. Susis does not
He only has a political card of compromis
but rather that he dreams of his personal friendship with
ultra on their social networks and for months
then decides Well then that without having
nothing, then they are after me and I who am
Too innocent I have always thought
To go to trial it is enough to have
evidence of what they are accusing you of
It's false to begin with There are things of the
What can I say, a question you should ask
talking about this now there is
things I can say and things I can't
First of all I can say that all the
headlines that are coming out right now
They are false, that is to say, they have not been to me
convicted of spreading a video of
minors talking about an assault Because
to begin with, they are not in that video
talking about an assault they are talking about
that they are going to become famous and that they are going
to earn a lot of money and those phrases are
literal those phrases are literal and I
would be risking a lawsuit
complaint If that were a lie But they
They know it's true secondly no
They accuse me for that video because what
We have demonstrated in that trial that the
minor for which she accuses me so much
private prosecution as the Ministry
prosecutor is not in that video nor is he in
That video is not even the broadcaster of that video
that is, not your data, no data
yours neither physical nor image nor relative
Nick hasn't even appeared in that video.
I am accused of a tweet from 2022 in
the one I address to someone who is not Y
This is not it and I can't enter here because
This is grounds for appeal and is worth a
tweet because they consider that my
opinion on what happened there
according to what the minors said that
It was a lie and they were going to do it
famous what I say is that I don't
I believe it. It is humiliating. They don't ask me for 15.
months for a video I'm like 15 months
by
that 15 months for spreading a video that
On the other hand, it is a video broadcast on
live Instagram at 5800
followers ok, they'll give me 15 months
for a tweet in which I think they lie
and the judge considers that this is treatment
degrading Although the sentence of
in accordance with the then alleged
now the aggressors have been sentenced to
Conformity with those kids occurs in
2024 and my tweet is from 2022
Okay Joseto It is appealed
it is resorted to but
Come on, there are still several possibilities.
of
resources this is all I can
to say that what is said is absolutely false
is saying these days on social media
Spanish television and everywhere and
logically I have to wait for him
result of the appeal that I will take to
wherever until he is acquitted
be able to explain with videos and evidence
what I'm saying and the names of
those responsible And there is no doubt about this
Javi the bottle boy is one of the
Baby otters he recently rescued. Oh no.
I knew that I had rescued an otter, no one
because it certainly doesn't fit them
It also does not come out of my complaint and the
work I was doing for almost
4 years to bring those responsible to justice
from the cover-up of abuse to a
minor in court By the way, Mrs.
Susana Gisbert, friend of Monica Oltra
never acted to help this girl or
according to what Cristina says, it is
prosecutor, that is, he reports the one from Faaca
but the prosecutor
Hey, she's Oltra's friend, who is the woman.
This one, if I'm not mistaken, is charged
not because of a big fuss that Cristina
caught no this is another fact okay
and I don't have much more to say then
I don't have I don't have much my Fran
worried, eh, I mean, how he must be
miif Fran is worried about her eh For
that Fran is slowing down
a sentence is going to be published really
spectacular, that is to say a week before
from me knowing about having the sentence
Rubén Sánchez I already knew what the
sentence let's see what happens with everything
This is where we are going to appeal to is just
the provincial court which is just the
audience that has completely ruined the
file of the Monica Ultra case
So even to [ __ ] you have to be
prudent Well let's see I hope not
afternoon Let's go
Let's see La Movida, that's where it is.
The Movida And that is that
[Music]
They were also celebrating, well no
not only celebrating but demanding some
Apologies to Monica Oltra because
They stood out in their cause and in the hearing
provincial have done it again
reopen okay that's it I've given up
fact that they were going to acquit me and I have
[ __ ] Well then you remain for granted
that this is definitive Maybe
also screwed up Well a question the
Ruben is from Czechoslovakia or
Spain the one who in front of the canal
South makes
Well, look, write it down because maybe
you have friends
eh about this matter things that Cristina
can't say that probably I do
One thing Good This video is famous
The video they accuse of spreading is
It's been circulating for a while on WhatsApp for parents.
and mothers from the school where she studied
Facebook I downloaded it from the internet
I downloaded it from the internet last week
past one two and I understand that there is no
no revelation of secrets that this
already public that they have been able to put it in
eh, it was already public
etcetera etcetera no and I understand too
that what Cristina does is put in
doubts the credibility of these minors
from a skeptical point of view no longer
neither as a friend nor as such because they
themselves what they are
Saying she's my mother, will you believe me? Say
Whatever I say, we're going to become famous.
we are going to go to the TV is that the video
He says that we will have to explain that to the judge and
prosecutor that it is not a crime according to Javi
Oliveira, justice only works
When they agree with you, of course they do.
Well the first thing I said when
we have started to deal with the issue is that
I am not a judge or a prosecutor or anything but
that I did not understand that a revelation of
The secret was that you took a video of
an Instagram account a live stream
Instagram and put it on your Twitter
about a fact that is newsworthy, it's worth it.
I don't know if maybe a sanction for the
Ah, that was Pixi's protection agency
Okay then I guess it's half a bit
no but well anyway nothing me
I have always said it with this case
I respect justice and obviously yes
Cristina has made a mistake and has done
something that should not be done and has to be done
charge Well, of course it should be done, but
Yes, it is true that I see it very very
And if on top of that you're telling me that
There is a relationship with the topic of Olra [ __ ]
[ __ ], well it all seems very very such to me
Very striking but well we will go and see in
what ends because we are still
In the first instance, then it is worth it
First of all, a lot of noise and a lot of
headlines okay eh
We will have to see the audience now
provincial because if now the result
of the provincial court is
different as it has happened with
Monica Oltra, that is, they all got to
demand an apology from Monica Oltra
because they had dismissed the case and now
when they have
reopened So I don't know we'll see and go
to earn a lot of money with this then
evidently evidently if I am
accusing someone of giving me a
beating for example be true Or is it
lie and the next thing I do is a
directly saying bua with this I'm going to
make a lot of money, I'm going to become famous and
My family will believe me if I say that I
They beat me up, say they hit me
27 because credibility is clearly not
It depends on who puts it in
I do not manifest credibility, I put it
Sorry, I lose it when I say those things in
In the end, each one of Valencia is a square
complicated Valencia is a square Many
Thanks Lidia for that tag, it's a
very complicated square but good for
We are all lucky in this country.
right to double instance I am going to give you
say one thing eh e Okay clear now
will go to the provincial court and may
go for the supreme and then you can go for
the last instance is great
If they accept it, it's fine.
but I believe that the provincial court
I'm really afraid to give my opinion on this.
topic because I can be wrong then
That's why I don't treat it, you understand? I mean
It's not my theme either, but I think
that can change the audience
provincial the
I really don't see the point
It's true, Pixi, to this member
By the way, the walrus that is these
days very indignant because Vito Kiles
took a photo of Begoña Gómez is the
author of the photo of me that is in all
the newspapers sitting on the bench
with the mobile here eh Well you see that
you know Well you see Or come
idiot eh can it no yes yes can it
what not to say, [ __ ] of [ __ ]
I was thinking about monetizing But but
Well, in that, we are doing very little about it.
more than saying this is going to go to second
instance This is going to go to the avenue
provincial and goes Yes
Thank you and wherever it may reach you, I will give it to you.
I can assure you that I will not leave this
Even if I have to fight for 10 years
With this I tell you I'm not going to leave it and
no and there are people who say no. Well of course.
I don't know, let him pay for this and that's it.
extinguishes everything and no And even if I had to
pay 500 or even if it wasn't 15
months in prison and 12,000 And even if it were
1 euro and let everyone know and this
I have said it publicly eh 4at days
before the trial the private prosecution
offers me to reach an agreement
economic and I say that it is not more I say that
I don't want to hear it and the day of
trial the prosecutor made me come in
lawyer in front of the judge to tell her
that I had an offer and my lawyer told him
My client said he doesn't want to listen
not even any offer to the ministry
prosecutor because curiously from the office
of the prosecutor's office have allegedly
been dating for two and a half years
leaks of my documents
private legal officials and has been
been sitting and I'm photographing
also public in bars drinking
rum and cokes with the lady who has dedicated herself
to publish these private documents
So I don't feel with presumptions
Mafia lady. Well that's a fact, huh?
Not that I just freaked out, I mean that it just made me
to follow Uncle Sh on Twitter Ah the
Pablo A lo
yours but but but we here
freaking out with what they are telling and with
and freaks out with what Uncle Sur does to him
super fan not Marina j a Trump person
may look like a woman but will never be
A woman has gone viral with this
little bit eh on Twitter What is the
definition of a woman a person of
female sex with two XX chromosomes
which has the ability to create life
inside your uterus which is one of the
internal organs that it possesses apart from
ovaries vagina fallopian tubes
etc. a woman also has the
menstrual period or cycle which makes
that there are hormonal changes within your
body is divided into four phases that
would be the definition of a woman and what
there is a trans person who is
considered a woman is not scientifically
and biologically it is not, it may seem so
a woman with aesthetic changes and
mutilation of her genitals but never
It will be a woman That's it
defectors in science and in
human biology you think you're going to create
controversy when talking about a topic like this
I should because I'm not making it up
I'm not basing anything on evidence.
scientists and the great contribution that has
science has done to humanity something that
should never be passed by
high
opinions
opinions What do people think
People, let's see, there's a movement
eh There's a thing about the tran issue
Don't make me go into any more depth
every time we enter
depth we ended up doing here a
kind of loop Electra the theme of Cris
let's see if he makes a video, the extra is that
It is a topic as you can understand the
extra quite complicated but not for
nothing but because it has not ended
I prefer I prefer to wait for it to finish
and when the topic ends the case ends
But I hope it doesn't take too long.
Provincial court looks into the case of
In other cases it has taken less than a
year is worth it. I hope that before that
the year ends we have the answer of the
provincial court Let's see what it is
result when finished as if you want
come here Cristina to tell us and the
interview here or the main channel
Okay, but right now the truth is that
what do I tell you or so
To me it seems like an outrage that
They sentence you to 15 months for that, that is, no.
I tell you, you better imagine. Hey,
unfortunate comment I put one to you
fine you understand me I don't know eh You have
You're right, you're right, let's see the topic for me.
tran and I'm not going to go into much detail
depth is worth it because I don't want to end
as always, every time we enter
on this topic but for me it is evidently
scientifically and biologically one
TR woman is not a woman of course
obviously not
but for me one
[Music]
person for me is a person who
He feels like a woman since he was little
small okay or vice versa not what you feel
man and born in another in another body
That is for me even though you
HM scientifically and biologically no
you are obviously a woman
Okay, I do believe that spiritually one
woman can be born in a body
nature has often been wrong
eh, she's capricious
How spiritually then you
I am a biologist and according to biology
what she said is a
error why canay but explain a
little more to see It's that I don't want
compare it to a disability or to
an illness or anything like that because no no
I'm comparing it to that, you understand?
But if nature many times eh
[Music]
you know what I'm telling you, I mean, eh, by by
who tells you who tells you
that he can't that he can't
happen that or how do you explain that
a person feels like a woman from since
very small and for life and that
even feel traumatized with their
genitals and with their things because they don't
belong
feeling is not
being me what I mean is that I
Yes, I think that what you are, your being is worth it or
be your being your soul okay yes it can
do in a body with a gender that is not
tea
belongs is a
disorder That's why I do believe that
improvements like the south that lets the chat
give me more opinion, but I don't care, that is
I do think so
honestly why
No, let's see, I'm trans Javi, I understand.
What do you mean? Edgar says, let's see.
explains a little bit like the ass eh Because
I didn't want to say anything, let's see, but yes
No. So you are a trans person. Not a
person tran what what what what he feels
is that your body does not belong to you
your being
no LoL lailo I ban you the Bot Why do you have
be careful not to put words
Define being Javi Well I your being
your soul your spirit
Let's see, I think that you physically
evidently you may not be one
woman well or a man not in the case
contrary to a trans man
not that you are not that you are not a
Scientifically it will never be clear
Biologically you're never going to do it
Of course that cannot be changed, it can be changed.
It can be done today with the
technologies no and with the advances no
eh, pretend, let's not say
no but I do believe that spirit that you
be your spirit your soul no that yes that
you are a woman [ __ ] That You were born in the
body a
man Ramon Today is the day Javi but what
do you really think or just say it to
look good
is that I do think so or why
no why
No
arguments Why not
so that you feel something not
It means that you stop being what you are
you really are but he killed him it's not that
clear when you say you feel something
It's like you can Well then I
I feel like a plane I feel like a boat it's not
that you feel something is not that you can
feeling anything is simply not
feel you
identified with the gender with which
have you had your
body I mean it's not me what you
always feel clear I can feel
rich and I can feel like a ship and I
I can feel no no I mean it's not something no
It's a catalog, that is, it's simply [ __ ]
That I am a woman who is in this
body that you know what you
I say but why can't you do your or
whether it is why nature cannot be
so yes yes many others happen to us
things why it can't happen that a soul
You know what I'm telling you because I understand that
that those people feel
completely a woman who
Hey, I think it goes that way.
the throws
Hey, have you ever seen an animal like that?
Man, relax, I don't talk to anyone.
I don't know because I don't talk to any of them.
So I don't know what I don't know what
think about it
topic but in the end I think it is
indisputable not the biological issue and
scientist I think that is indisputable
but what do you
bothers or is to say
In the end, if it doesn't hurt you, what do you do?
bothers the life of
another you understand me What do you
it matters
Yes, yes, you like it and accept it well, if not
Well, I don't know, respect and that's it.
No, according to chromosomes there are six.
biological sexes female male super
super female male, clein ferte and torner
Look it up Yes but it is true one is a
trolling But well that's my belief eh or
sea
eh I could be wrong or whatever
But for me that's where things are going, eh?
For me, that's where I'm throwing them.
and nature is very capricious in
many times and I don't see it something
crazy het semani A kiss without being
scientist eh without being a scientist
eh but La Movida too
Those are mutations, not sexes.
different no but it's that I'm not you
talking about the physicist uncle I mean don't you
I'm talking about the biological thing is that
let's see, we are here
we are our physical and our mind and
our
spirit
we are not going to see you, you cannot change
the heart and get a transplant
from the heart and give yourself a heart of another kind
person but he has nothing to
to do with religion
neither, that is to say, it is literally a thing
You are your life, your being and other things.
body So ​​then
It doesn't matter if I leave it, I won't know.
explain Define spirit because you are you
I, Javi
oliveira I feel like laola meeta Hey
But why can't you have an opinion on a topic?
Seriously dude, look if I could get along with
My Skylar told us about it
her but that's how I see it, that is, it is
which is honestly the explanation that
I see him but he was part of that, that is
What matters to you is yours
life, that is, what matters to you is your life
Well, if you like someone, tran and and and and
you want to have relations with that but
You know what I'm telling you. Or what do you mean?
It matters is your life It hurts you then
respect
Jai invites greenfit for a debate But
by
Why? Hey, do you remember this?
girl or
What do you remember about this girl? Let's see.
wait I want to see how it all begins
this to see and it has to do with the
religion because Christianity is not that
It's accepted, I know you don't believe in God.
but those who do believe and have read the
least once the Bible says it
puts
sincerely
Oops
Be careful with bangs, the bad thing is that they already
It is clear that it is only good for sex
what we did It seems to me that you think
that I would touch you even with a
stick you are delusional because I am more handsome
that your boyfriend but well I will paint my
nails and I will lower the bar in my way of
Let's see if you like it like that. And then
She puts a picture of her boyfriend and
compare with
He says know your [ __ ] place and don't
you're comparing me with my ugly boyfriend I
I feel like Cain in
replicant I don't understand the joke No
I understand the joke, don't start, eh?
Look at the H that he does here for me
The problem is not how each person feels
I fully respect that, the problem is
when legislation is made about them, well
it depends on how
what depends on what
I don't see the problem in
What do you mean by legislating?
about it of course what you mean
Ah women's sports
Of course, let's see, it's a very complicated topic, eh?
It is a very very very very very topic
complicated very very very very very debatable
with many many many many
things with a lot of a lot
branch but in the end it is that
[Music]
eh in the end biologically no and
scientifically
You can't change that
can
Totally this girl shows off
his
boyfriend and answers him
Someone why do you brag about your boyfriend if
then you put the horns on him
hell festival
with me crazy but this will be true phew
sorry kids
Yes this will be true uncle or will it be a
trolling will be true Or will it be a trolling Which one
is the definition of a
woman Hey, would you like one day a this is
mu Z
Z okay let's go to this topic that is
hot would you like one day
[Music]
mm a debate on that topic with people
that can explain better than me about
that and very opinions
contrary yes that of
orlock the Bible the best book of
epic tales Haha For me yes Robin
For me yes, but I tell you the same thing
eh what do I care, I mean I don't believe but
respect to whom
creates in the end it is about Mira's life
kids opinion of grandpa Vale and
we close the topic of life
happens
Flying we only have one ok
And we're not going back Then the
moments we have and the day to day
that we have, we will not be able to do it
recover then be happy look for
your peace of mind look out for the
happiness of your environment and of
your people around you and respect them
people without more value
if they are not bothering you and you are not
does not hinder in any way what a person
do with your vagina or with your penis or with
if it is cut if it is not cut or what
be what you care about respect don't respect
whoever doesn't hurt you, of course, respects the
people who hurt you not obviously
to people who screw others, no
Okay
But if people have faith and are happy
having faith and believe in the
What does religion bother you?
We will know the day we leave No
Well, that's it, Chiku, there's no more. No, there isn't.
There is no more history, there is no more history
There is no other formula, do you understand me? Why?
You are going to argue with a person about whether
God exists or does not exist on If a
a person feels like a woman or doesn't feel like a woman
woman Well, she wants to have life
of a woman is completely
convinced that she is a woman because
Leave him. Don't get involved with him.
If you don't consider her a woman,
you understand and if you don't like it then you don't
you roll with him but it's your life it's not yours
life you could be pod leave me
you understand discuss what you
affect as easily as
respect as easy as
respect I do not believe in religions
for example okay or so that's what I think
I see it as fanciful, the truth is I tell you.
I mean it
but what harm does it do to me?
makes who I am to impose on another
person who does not believe in God and if I
I'm wrong then
It is but if in the spirit [ __ ] jin It is
that what I have is not so crazy
It is not said that one thing is your body and
your being is something else
I'm not saying, let's go, the spirit is yours
brain
[Music]
Okay, GreenFit spoke well of you in their
video of the delox Tas Yes let's see
see it because if not, greni, well, let's see
Greni, you are so hot. No, I'm not going to leave you.
say nothing anyway if you've gotten involved
with me eh A
see to see to see to see
We need men, I don't think so.
No, but Javi, it doesn't seem normal to me that
then go out naked in public in front of
as a child but but who is telling you
that or who is telling you that
kid Okay, let's see, let's see
greny really So what did you tell me
I am in favor of everyone doing
whatever you want but I'm against it
vaginoplasty operation Not for nothing
moral or anything. Only that operation is
horrible for the person's body
a literal permanent wound
Well, don't ask yourself that, but but
how are you going to be against one
operation Because you feel like it Well no
you do it
I'm against getting hair, eh?
It is true that this hair is from
lie with wave in the laa at that moment
profit to put that saying that had been said
part conv but this video What's what
video you are watching
the least you say something to him
I told you contradictory all my life
I personally stay away from that
type of people the opposite of you
For example, I feel free to
to be able to tell you my views without the
afraid that bad Oscar will block me Haha
Of course, but they are completely communities.
different from the function as well as its
community accepts it let's see
[Music]
you're talking to me what's his name
Javi Oliveira who has also gotten involved
In all this I believe that everyone
He is also interested in controversy as
whatever it may be and they are all there
winning in the end, that's why I don't know to what extent
point is real or fake I don't know but it is
arguing that he had not done so
threatened Well I think I'm winning
more with content than
with Dallas or something like that it could be Javi
Oliveira gets along well with Dallas and doesn't
Do you find it strange that without asking him?
someone starts talking to you about the subject no
I don't find it strange I don't find it strange
because we are human beings and it is normal
It is, it is the most normal thing in the world that
when your head is thinking 24 hours a day
by day in a problem that you have
The first thing you do is try
talk about it with other people But this
We all do it, not just delox or
Dallas or I'm sure right now
Being friends with Dallas must also be
complicated because it must be available 24 hours a day
hours a day talking about the same thing
That doesn't seem strange to me, you know, it doesn't seem strange to me.
It seems strange for nothing good at first
place of collaborations with Javi Oliveira
He is the patron saint of Dallas, no, I don't know, no, no
I like him too
Javier I actually have no problem with
It is not so positive from users either
but that he considered her a bad person when he said
from all that LL bad bad friend and in the end
I knew this to you that Javi had
won 000 with what you knew topic is that jav
He didn't say it, I mean Javi, let's see, let's see
See, wait because Oscar knows things that
I don't Wait Wait Yes of course Who
It's Oscar to see Javi from a
beginning said that he didn't know about the
coin issue and what you paid what to
See, you can see me there, yes, I think so, Javi.
He said he didn't know about issues of
cryptocurrencies and so on and the thing is that
during all this time that I was
commenting on the topic of pic Coin he
had bought and had also sold
Uh so then more was leaked or
less than he had earned 10,500 with
the coin And then they started to
accuse that he had information
privileged to be on the team
this and that's why he defended wings and so on
now now I don't think he has
been inside if there is a scam I don't believe
that he was in on the scam
Why? Because although there is fraud
exactly Well, it is already there
First, it is no longer a matter of assuming that I
I'm involved or I'm not involved
First is to assume that this is a
scam has earned money withdrawn money
before there was the warning and also
left money afterward and then Dallas made
the pambi dosti money Then I believe
What else do I think was luck? I think
that was lucky now I have no idea
but what played ugly was that from a
start he didn't say you know what people
Well look, I bought it, I had Diner.
I had and I made money with this and I
I think it would have even been Javi all
They defend you but let's see this one
Boy, I've heard it many times.
Speaking well of me is worth it And I think it is
I have thanked more than once for the box of
comments Well, he always has good ones
words for me this boy things
as they are and that I think that I think that is
Delos's friend, I don't know, but he is
logic
Uncle is the logic been better for all the
people who were saying Oh well it's a
scam and such that he would have used No to
It doesn't seem like a scam to me, a scam.
because I came in and bought and such what
It happens perhaps as he saw that they were
talking about all the scam and so on and what
He said, look, I better not say anything, otherwise
be that it splashes on me and they say that I
I have scammed and so on. Then I take it.
I keep it ready I think it was a
mistake but I don't think he has
scammed of existing scam that I really
of the of the no it is not that all this I do not
I don't understand nor do I know nor do I know the
I don't even know the legality of this issue.
very good cryptocurrencies and less than
meme coins but that's what it is
It happened with Javi So I break a Good
but the fact is that he made money from that
but he made money, he made good money
He earned a lot of money. What do I know?
but it also gives rise to suspicion
suspect Well, what do I know? Let's see.
is that you can't put your hand in either
the fire for a person you don't know
I don't understand what you say because you are
my community
Hey, you know how I am, do you trust me?
has won 000 with p Now here I understand
that Javi got angry with Delox because
It's true that Delox has thrown him in Cayo
from Dallas and all this I do understand Uf Me
I was left wanting to do one
video on the main channel if I see that
If I see that my reputation remains
spotted is going to eat a video I think
In the end, eh. In fact, he corrected me. Gan
I think 10,000, 11,000 or so, but come on
who won more than 100,000 vouchers in the
next son of Nitro Launcher which is a
analyst at a Chain that you may already know
all of you surely shows us
like Javi Not only would he have bought Pambi
before anyone else that he actually says No
I didn't buy the first one, you bastard.
you bought when everyone in the group
VIP and all this I was buying
He also said that he had not
entered not through Discord but through Twitter
Dallas literally sent him a DM
It's certainly worth speculating with Delox but
He probably sent him a DM and said, "You"
buy this and we'll pampa it with the
These are fools and then we're going to sell it
here and there which by the way to the host
I hadn't seen this before, I'm getting
warming up, you piss off, man, I'm going to do it
to the clown this a video that I'm going to
destroy uncle, I mean for the [ __ ] face eh
Phew
I mean, for the [ __ ] face
eh For the [ __ ] face
eh or
I bought it at 4 or 5 hours and the clown
takes it and says no no it's not that that's that
Dallas sent him a message buy here
that we are going to pump it pin pan someone
from here you know what it means It is that this
It's crazy, does anyone here know what?
means bread I visit the concept of bread
I visit bread I visit in Tenerife, it's worth it
Tenerife in the Canary Islands, which is where
Dallas comes from and from there Acuña gets the name
meaning stupid inept that's it
surely shows us how Javi No
I would have just bought Pambi before
No one who made him says No I didn't buy
it
It's just that I'm getting hot, don't you
You can get an idea, huh? And like this.
The topic is not clear. I'll clarify it, okay?
I tell you this because I know it
he invents it but for the [ __ ] face he does it
invent but for the [ __ ] face it is not worth it
shame ignore it
It depends on how the matter turns out.
I'll see what I do, eh. Because it's that
I'll take this apart quickly, eh, how disgusting
of turkey
Hey, what a disgusting turkey
eh It depends on how the week goes well a
see this is another story that has emerged
uncle who is also a quote that will blow your mind
They say that at Ricky's concert you
shot
mm I would have
arrived I would have arrived, I think
eh I think I would have
arrived but in the end I'm going to do this
having to clarify, I know very well
because the guy lies with malice
You know, it's not saying, Oh, I was wrong.
I suspect no no no no he is knowingly lying
that
lie, lie knowingly that
He lies. But before that he says that
speculation always putting the blindfold on
before the wound and release those
barbaric speculation but I put it
but in reality you get into
Twitter everywhere dude and except the
four little fools everyone is on him
pulling is that it has remained as what it is
is the
True, well, we'll see, family.
I have to decide that
I am
from Dallas Yes by
That's why we'll leave it to you, I'll decide.
what do I have to do or
No, Jav, your war is with Dallas.
what's bothering you
exactly
Exactly good about Ra's ex
It's also powerful. Look, I see that for the
Maur and Juanito continue, I don't know if it's that
This girl would be very famous before.
from Mexico 17,000 followers on Twitter
Okay and they've been posting this video
these days
Okay, my boyfriend didn't tell me that every time
who made a tiktok or a video of this
type I saw myself very Uta or I saw myself very
ridiculous especially that word
ridiculously obviously lowered all my
encouragement to continue doing
content on social networks
Well, I got very depressed. I was very depressed.
I was with him for almost six months, like five.
in depression Well, my content in
social networks and well a person who
was my partner who was supposed to be
has to bring out the best in you and not at all
On the contrary, what he did was take out
Well, the worst thing is perhaps not to take out anything but
make me believe that I was not a person who
It was worth it I felt like a person
I felt very horrible, a very horrible person
I felt completely ugly
disproportionate, I felt sorry to take it out
a photo guys I couldn't take one
photo couldn't do this couldn't do
a transmission I was afraid to go out to the
street with people socialize okay this to
root of certain things I look at ends me
to send a message answer that [ __ ]
Damn you, don't you understand that what
The more they cause me the damn life is that
He doesn't answer the phone, you don't understand
that you answer me already Oh what
I use that plus the deal plus the only one
person with whom I had some kind
how interactive he was and so everything
time no I don't like your hair me
I dyed my hair, I don't like your body
No, well, I don't like going to the gym.
your eyebrows were not always there
talking about my eyebrows then it was like
very very complicated because I
des personalized And yes, I mean, he called me
much attention that many
people are in favor of what they think
I'm telling you what this person is saying to you.
love to watch or love to like or
They love to follow people But when
They have their partner and they love her. Well, in their
They want to work at home, they want to work at home
They want to clean it. Well, really.
totally deprived of this reality
He is a very explosive person. He is a
A person who speaks without thinking is a
person who insults who shouts
which makes people feel bad
and and well I was the the Well clear example
not that of that of that negative words
words
eh hurtful can can affect a lot
No
eh the issue is the audio no, I mean we are
Speaking of this account then I don't know
if the audio To what extent is it an audio
private is an audio of a live show
Careful, okay, with tweezers, it's worth the move
is that this girl apart from that has
put to the account of these of Well it is
that has gone to harassment accounts
I really don't know if any channel has gone
sauce too or something but it's gone
you count things for now, nothing more than this
cli is old but has been put to use
I don't know Dallas from these tweets but
There is a saying that says Tell me who you are with
together and I'll tell you who you are okay I hope
reconsider soon and ra has been
putting things in your account as well
[Music]
Twitter dedicated to those who want to come
on my account to throw [ __ ] at the dead
who were resurrected when they realized
that speaking of me they could have again
something of relevance choose very well that
These may be your last words here
go back to the cave that is out here
They're going to freeze to death again, it's repeated
The history of 2021 is worth it, or so it is.
seen there was already a controversy when
they cut
[Music]
[Applause]
I can't put This is going to have copy
you don't have to
I will interview her yes yes interviews
Would you interview both of them if they continue?
arguing is worth it
you would interview another not as if or so
as if I were part of it, no, I mean, here
People come to discuss a topic
debate because both sides are fine but
Of course what I've seen is that this girl in
those harassment accounts have not
published
such as messages accusing Ra of abuse
of scams and
And what else are you talking very badly about him?
No, and they sent me this program, dude.
Watch Azteca Television you are
[Music]
faithful romantic but I love that I
consent and you are
faithful they ask him if in faithful Put that
face do you think go It's more you believe in the
fidelity Of course of course I'm waiting
a person who is completely faithful
I have not been faithful in the last two
relationships I have to tell you that.
confess Lucela but it was because well
I was really the same in a relationship
7 years old in which I had a
terrible emotional dependence this already
having broken up with him
eh, before him he was with a
7-year relationship with this person
So, Eh, another guy made me
get out of that relationship then yes
He was unfaithful to her, but in the end
He rescued me, that is, he rescued him from
that other relationship and she was unfaithful to him
raet he was your lifeline at that moment
in equal in a 7 year relationship in the
that had one
dependency one nail drives out another nail
finally it was his
salvation you believe in that love in that
faithful love in that true love Yes yes yes
I already know what I want, or whatever.
These statements are from 2023
eh of course It's that
This doesn't fit with what doesn't fit
with what he is saying
Now, that is, if you were already a girl here
that the other one had behaved very badly
with you you wouldn't be here talking badly
For example, about the other you would have said: Well
Look, I was unfaithful, but what about it?
I deserved it, I already have it in mind, I already have it
I asked the universe I want a person
treat me like a queen and
economic stability I don't know if it's bad
say it but really for me
It is already important if I know exactly what
I'm looking at this is looking for
economic stability and no family
Well, here comes a handsome soap opera.
Hey, there might be a soap opera coming up.
curious
curious guys I'm going to leave it had
here two or three more topics but it
I'm going to leave since we've been here for three years now.
hours and we're going to leave it and tomorrow
We continue with more gossip, otherwise
Tomorrow we have nothing. Oh, I closed the
I study Maricel with Yuki.
open here man but come on
Come on, let's do it. What are you doing?
behaved very well today, come on
You're going to see what Marisel did with Yuki.
I don't even know who this Marisel is, eh?
So let's see what La Movida is all about.
Isel puts up the typical video, this one is not from Los
Star Yuki's cute dancing with
She doesn't think that to me it's a video that
particularly me
I love it, it makes me really angry not to be able to
Go crazy with music No, but I
In particular, it is a video that I like.
A lot, eh, I mean, I would dance with Yuki
eh yes yuki goes
to some
place here in Spain I'm going to see it
to record
You hum this Javi, that's a good idea.
chui chui anime yup yup yup
anime tiir Oops tiir Oops tiir yuki Yi
tiriri Oops tiir Oops tiir Oops tiriri Yi
Yi tiir Oops tiriri Oops tiriri Oops tiriri
yuki yuki tiriri pom pom I mean
I love it because in the end the boy is not here
that comes up and does as its
steps already like Look, I'm the [ __ ] here
Look, I'm breaking it all. No, look, look, Pam, Pam.
take take take T Or so and I brutal this
eh this is brutal eh Let's see
clear to see
Claro has content whose fans and
I really like her, eh, I mean, I
I get along very well with her, the truth is I have
good relationship with her It's not that we are
friends or anything but well, eh, the
I have known each other for many years and have chatted
with her a few times and so on But
[ __ ] it's more than obvious they are not
fans who dream of being something with
she me
you understand or so
H are nice
cones, that is, they believe that they are going to
conquer by going to see her and
others
okay No no it's not weird let's see well anyway
I don't see anything wrong with that, that is me.
I have, I have my platonic loves
not to mention
No, of course, but I wouldn't go to O, maybe.
sea ​​no no I would think that I have the
possibility of conquering her, of course
For example, I would go see Paulo.
Echevarría I have already done it no
and but no no no no no I wouldn't go with the
intention that I'm not going to Javi weirdo
Of course, I'm also a bit weird.
Yes, you can conquer Javi, let's see.
Of course, really, really, I do
could Javi I reserve the right to comment no no
don't open open with me in channel eh open
open but you have a partner Javi, damn it
It's true, I had forgotten the joke.
joke joke I have to go to bed
now
[ __ ] let's see let's see Well, I think so
that she won't mind knowing this
not that he knows that it has a content and
that has followers who are that
She is the platonic love of all of these
followers okay, I mean I think they
They understand it and she doesn't either. If any
Sometimes they ask you what a SIM is
just show them this video 26,000
likes I [ __ ] on my [ __ ] life but yes
This video is really bad and what is it?
What happens is that Yuki is upset with
This, sir
He doesn't give a damn what others do.
content creators with their community
You take care of your content p mill What
means
This What does this mean p mill be what
content makes
Maricel, I'm going to get a breast here.
If I get in, no, no, because YouTube, you who?
You told us that when girls
they go up that makes him a
video made a video a
while [ __ ] to the bratty taxi driver
selfish host has made a video of him
We'll see you now, you'll go to Lía
not cuckold by choice is made
a little bit of sauce
not in potam
macho but he's not from here
Miami that's what's in fashion and it's going to
Gain followers easily in this video
Just see people doing a dance
ridiculous for laughter there is no more in a
world where everyone is afraid to say
or do something for fear of what people will say
I am glad to have a community that knows it
have a good time no matter what others say
Besides, how boring it is to be ordinary and a
bitter as long as they do not harm others
live life and be happy Look right
what I told you a while ago, let's see me no
It seems to me that it must have stung
neither
Oh look, I know this girl too.
This girl is also the one I know.
to all women the truth any
One day I'm going to get a divorce, eh?
Hey, this girl is very cool too, I mean.
This girl is very very very very badass
maja I was talking recently A few
days with her, let's see what I do, man
what do I do what do I do I am tremendously
attractive and and and and I can't help it
born to me is born to me
is born but listen to me A
see says men now can no longer
dance with your streamer because
They are automatically Sims. Let's see, it's not
because
dance it's not because
dance it's not because they dance to see but I
No, I don't think Yuki had it
What to bite for this uncle I mean let's see her
deep down in his house, I mean, I understand
that he wanted to go out and give the
face for his community no but let's see it is
as something generic
No, I mean, it's not like they're
messing with her as if saying Her
content is [ __ ] only follow it
see [ __ ] they are
It started with this tweet I saw a video on
internet of what appeared to be some
pathetic men doing the typical thing
being yuki is a little princess But doing the
things
very clear but well let's see With all the
I respect Princess that I now take with me
Well, with her, she has removed my block.
[ __ ] today I'm going today I'm going to sleep in the
[ __ ] couch and I understand it eh And I understand it
I take charge I take charge I take charge
clear charge is that sometimes he takes these out on me
clear topics to see With all the
respect well I'm not going to enter into an assessment
That's good, let's see, it seems to me, it seems to me
much prettier to be
yuki vale
apart from creating, creating your content, making more
things I know the truth La Movida no
But let's see how I solve this, of course.
is
true how do I solve
This is blocked again, let's see, I think
that est yuki should not get angry about
This is because deep down she knows no and
think that yes no [ __ ] that this
people would love to be your
boyfriend
a little bit of this tiktok Super crinch to
an influencer and posted the following tweet
If you are ever asked what a SIM is
just show them this video
that she answered me Although I found out
practically a week later, madam
that it doesn't matter what others do
content creators with their community
You take care of your content Pig me
girl clar who says that it's worth it but
Well, let's see, neither, that is, can you give your opinion?
No, it's not there anymore.
not what is fashionable and will win
followers easy good I would say so
I would gain followers more easily by being a [ __ ]
no but well Hey what
ugly Hey
Hey, easy, well, I would say so.
followers easier being putti no
but being
putti good and continues his tweet saying
In this video you only see people
doing a ridiculous dance for laughs
There is no more in a world where everyone
They are afraid to say or do something because
fear of what they will say I celebrate having one
community that has a good time no matter what
what others say how boring it is
average and bitter as long as not
do harm to others live life and Sean
happy with what I am when I
I found out a girl calls me Pig me girl
who lives off millions of Sims streams What
means pygm
girl in scanty clothes If instead of living
to show your body and say
Play a little bit maybe you could live off
what you have in your head not what
you have a neck that looks for cation
hum down so you would know that it is
says take care of it and don't take care of it, you would contribute
I'll get something useful to the world this weekend
video And here is the video I have to say
that originally when I found myself
I had no idea about this tweet on the internet.
Who was this girl? I saw that video.
ridiculous on the internet and as you know I
I dedicate myself to talking about, among other things,
how harmful it is for men without
especially those women who tweet
They live exclusively from this and therefore
I posted this on my account So
when I posted it I didn't even investigate further
She didn't even know she was so famous.
until someone one of my followers
on Twitch who sent you a hug
Thank you so much for what you told me in fact
that she was a pretty well-known girl and
that he had answered me that I went to TT t and
I looked and realized that I had almost
2 million followers and I said but what?
a typical streamer is happening here pm
that brings zero value or to your [ __ ] I give it to you
explains here it is used on the internet to
describe a girl who tries
stand out and gain approval
especially of men
behave in a way that underlines
that she is different or better than others
women jims nor the rest of the world
just called me p me this is not it
I could have made it so easy like that
Let's go there Star Yuki or be a [ __ ] like
like
call her is the
[ __ ] I don't know, it doesn't seem right to me
not ugly not ugly is not an influencer
Cuban like me who dedicates herself to streaming
and to create content like me despite these
Let's see, she's insulting her for
you're calling her a [ __ ] because of the face
face two similarities we could not be
more different are these typical
streamers we all know on Twitch
who makes his living off slimy Sims and
creeps who tell him all kinds of things
pretty things While she does
obscenities with bananas ago
suggestive little dances come out lightly from
clothes show their private parts although
be a little covered does asmr I'm going to
put a little bit on your face
of the typical cute girls or tacus
who keep saying Uh
and very strange things like that that all people
who consumes that seems pure freak to me
I had to say it even worse than those who did.
they do and of course they live doing it
the girl accessible to her Sims
girl that if they donate enough
someday they will have a chance with
she Hello Luciano That's right that's right eh That's right
yes it is like that eh I don't like that she is
insulting But this This is so Hello
good factor yes
factor nights yuk Today they silenced me in
tiktok just because of another one you had
boyfriend Haha I don't know what's wrong with that
Have a nice night, then, and saying
Geey and I don't even say these things
I say them to his followers too but
Be patient, we'll get to this.
Staryuki's business model is to make you the
cute girl the girl hugu that with him
enough effort enough
Donations from your Sims and who
you know if one day with the right luck
except this is never going to happen no
No matter how much these Sims donate, it doesn't matter.
How much attention do you give to how many of
These get together go and how many
This girl will never do little dances for her
to have anything with any of them and this
we will also discuss this later
because women respect it
boyfriend In fact she doesn't have a boyfriend, she left no
jab for Javi But how What jab for
Javi, this kind of man can make me
say Eli and you can call me Yuki but what
What I'm saying is that they don't know that they don't
be so cloying Okay SAT tabane a
everyone balls balls I'm not here I'm not here
seriously for the stupid ones for the
13 year old children I am not
but you literally ban him from Time Out.
ban ban from Then these men
What they do is donate basic HTI they consume
Its content that contributes zero things, that is
You literally lose neurons when
[Music]
see it is true it is the same song of
Mario Oh no
depending but well if the kids are
They entertain themselves, but they entertain themselves. What
Come on, but let's see, I've seen some content.
I have seen worse content, how suggestive
be this girl's clothing how
innocent is shown also give themselves
same Followers a little bit Javi
Gubel is eating Delox, damn it, man.
We're not going to leave here in the [ __ ]
life now I'm going to drive darling Now yes
Now we've really got into a good rhythm.
I'm not saying this, they themselves are saying it.
Let's see what one of his friends tells him.
Loving followers Yuki the owner of
my jackets for those who don't know
what does jackets mean in Mexico
look for it because I think I think that
You get an idea of ​​where it's going
see
Karime no Karime no no don't teach me
nothing Karime Karime you no Karime you no
Cos no no nothing nothing nothing Karime nothing
nothing dance so precious Yi hugs ter
Karime, now let's see how Karime
It's hot there now
Mexico Karime is hot in
Mexico has cut Karime
jackets with the crafts they make
men with their hands don't you put on
jacket you then 40 gr no 40 gr no
He puts jackets on you, no, Karim, I understand.
Of course, as a child, just imagining this myself
As a woman, it makes me gag, I mean
would be very repulsed by me
myself having to dedicate myself to this to
start but then the fact that
have to have this content in
internet and men are with me
saying that I am the owner of their
jackets and that at least is being
honest and he's not even being that
is doing so many atrocities as
other things I've seen out there but
Well I guess that's the price of it.
This kind of work is so fast and so
easy in quotes but let's see this
She knows that the jackets are the ones from
men women not women
what do you wear
Karime Karime doing her thing Hey, but let's see
It's that I don't understand what Yuki is
offend with this kind of things she knows
you don't end up paying for it, it's like if
They criticize me and it is because your content is
pure gossip and I Oh don't tell me that every
one does with one's community what one wants
I know I have to bring you gossip and that's it.
and that you see me through gossip with your soul
and before reporting my content because
is what you tried to do in one of your
tweets Stop by one of my tweets one day
streams yes it is true that I do not have any
remotely as many Sims as you because
I am precisely dedicated to denouncing
women like you who take advantage of
men who have so little
self-respect that all of them dedicate
savings to girls like you and also not
I could miss I dedicate myself to criticizing
women who value themselves so little that
They have so little to offer the world
that this is the only thing they can do
with his life however I will give you a
point of flexibility here and that is that in
the bottom line these things are not even yours
fault you heard it right they are not even
Star Yuki's fault or women like her
but it's The Sims' fault if you don't
If you take advantage, someone else will take advantage.
because let's face it The Sims Always
have existed and will always exist
that currently exist at a magnitude
that has never been seen before all the
women Let's see, it's a time job
limited no I also tell you that they are put
on the networks no no no no it can't be a
job for life
They have in their own way a lot of Sims that
They follow her regardless of her age
relationship status, your physique, the type of
content that each and every one of them has
I can assure you myself that they
I dedicate myself, among other things, to doing
content for men to
build and go from being Simpsons and
give money to women like you
I still have them, so look at the
paradox then if I who dedicate myself to
I have that, how are you going to have it or
any other that takes off a little bit
the top or grab a banana doing
asmr Let's see, let's see quio
but
there let's see let's see I want to see that ASMR
I want to see it another pick for Javi But what
pua For Javi uncle Why why you
you take for granted those who do not even
I have nothing to give myself for
alluded to the great difference between what
I want to see the banana thing for information
to do my job well while
You take advantage of these men. I take advantage of these men.
I dedicate myself directly to telling them that I don't
pretend that all this is wrong and that they
will cause irreparable damage to the
present but above all in the future
I'm going to root all the Sims of the
land evidently Not me nor anyone
could make such arduous work
difference here is that while I do
I'm getting more and more men
increasingly they are dedicated to building themselves
themselves and leave clowns like you behind
you are doing the opposite you are
creating more of them by making them believe
that what they are doing is right but
how this video is made
directly to
Javi dude what about eh I mean I envy you a lot
be yuki who has a community that
travels kilometers to go record a
tiktok with her dancing and just me
I have a community that never stops
literally bullying me or missing
I go on stage with Ricky and Eddie and
scream the video is for
Javi well that is actually good for
themselves and deep down the only thing that
you are doing is benefiting yourself a lot
This is not just my opinion but
that are facts your business model is
take advantage of men who are very
singles who have zero self-respect at all
This is to empty their wallet
while you fatten yours and a lot
While you dance you say pure nonsense
I was going to see her but of course you have told me
insulted
eh here the question would be I'm going to see it from
gibel that if I don't leave here it is
question would be
Javier is a joker but let's see, you haven't
turncoats, don't be turncoats
I don't know there is
Now you have to be careful
to call someone a turncoat, let's see.
see what's
gibel But it is true or it is not true
because here I am already seeing there is a
cameo here wait for
see can't rewind no
cannot be rewound
you can't
never rewind at all
way is speaking
now
Damn, but I like these things.
those at the beginning that third one died
in the gestation period while my
cousin was
having was not a very pleasant moment
for my family because it is never good
thinking that a baby is coming and that baby
during the gestation period
dies at
see well what they did miar and his
mother with all the other people is that
when Javi Oliveira Also it happened to me
Mom, I was also going to have this
brother and my
Mom lost it, I think she had it
as with Javi Oliveira his wife had
pregnant I think her second child No
I know if it is a son or daughter, he does not come to the
case all this
people tried to make it in the most period
sensitive pregnancy of the jav woman
olive
trying to take screenshots like he
he wanted to take a piss and all that when
one person wants to blackmail another
messing with the family and wanting
harming a person who is pregnant
For me that person is not a good person and
don't want to draw it with that no no
were sent by her how they had the
Others The catches How the others had
everything is accredited is accredited
besides
When you want to harm a person who
is pregnant in a period of
gestation and very, very advanced for me
It seems very dirty to me, no, I shouldn't see it
this but buo I don't want to talk I guess
They are not bad people, they are very good people
They just wanted to ruin his life
to a woman
funi by
that even if it seems like a joke to me
bad people for the things they do, I don't
I'm going to think that I'm not going to peek or that
Mother, they are good people because here there is no
good or bad in this story here in
This story there are people who made
things are wrong and they continue to do them wrong
That's why I'm never going to bleach.
No. And now all those are going to come out.
accounts that curiously are not are not
managed by my mother but each
every time you talk about me or the mother
they go out to a
start turning against you and things
rare but no don't try to draw it
They tried to put him on the ropes
a man and make his wife spend a
displeasure a bad moment when I was
pregnant and I think I was in the
last months of
pregnancy simply to harm
that and I'm not going to consider that to be
a good person so yes or it happens if
You want to start crying and tell me I
I'm not going to talk to you privately.
I explained in public why it seems to me that
They are bad people and they shouldn't and they shouldn't
I will never bleach, no matter how much I see
daas tomorrow Comet
eh a School
Shooting Thank you for the 4
months I skated there in what tell me In what
skate
the worst of pamb
[Music]
I think they did what they wanted.
extort with which he wanted to have sex
Miare and I
I ask because I think he clarified it later
that was
separated has and that they did not have any
problem at that time What's wrong with it?
bad that a man even wants to have sex
adult woman It was that she was very old
years And from the age of 18 you have
80 you can have sex with whoever you want It's that
I don't want to talk, you know why?
I would speak here but I will speak when
pass the topic of the trial that we are
waiting for it is worth it Not only is it not
have nothing wrong with it but also not
They thought it was bad for 3 years and
It seemed bad at 3 years old, okay, but it is
What is this? I'm going to talk and see what it says.
I'd better go off camera and I'll go to that one.
see because of course it would be me speaking
It would be me speaking and I will speak only
once
and and and I've already said it before, so I'll talk
once is very strong everything is very strong
very strong very strong about the
multiaccounts is super strong and that's it
trying to tell the story but the thing about the
multiaccounts is and is is and you are going to and it
You'll see guys, I'm going, I'm going to see him.
Outside of Stream, a kiss is worth a kiss.
handsome, a kiss, a kiss to everyone
handsome go will be enlarged